29	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt is very effective in easing many of the symptoms of menopause that women have	FAVOR
124	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the researchers also looked at the biological plausibility of any causal link	NONE
115	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	they appraised each study against nine criteria that would need to be met before it was possible to say whether hrt caused breast cancer	NONE
84	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	ovarian cancer is often difficult to diagnose as the symptoms are similar to irritable bowel syndrome and other conditions	NONE
5	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	further refining the data collected , a secondary analysis of the whi study found evidence to suggest that women who begin hormone therapy within 10 years of menopause may have less of a risk of heart disease than women who are farther from menopause	FAVOR
56	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	but some data suggest that estrogen can decrease the risk of heart disease when taken early in postmenopausal years	FAVOR
143	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	at the moment there is n't enough research to say whether , above a certain dose , the progestogen can outweigh the estrogen and actually reduce the risk of womb cancer overall	NONE
225	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	women taking the combined hrt were almost twice as likely as the placebo group to die of breast cancer ( and 57 percent more likely to die of other causes )	AGAINST
152	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the findings from the study suggest that taking hormone replacement therapy ( hrt ) for the menopause , even for just a few years , is associated with an increased risk of developing ovarian cancer	AGAINST
65	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	also , especially when taken for more than a few years , hormone therapy increases the risk of breast cancer , a finding confirmed in multiple studies of different hormone therapy combinations , not just limited to a combination estrogen progestin pill ( prempro )	AGAINST
208	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for women with intact uteri , estrogen only treatment is not an acceptable option , because estrogen only treatment leads to a statistically significant increased risk for uterine cancer	AGAINST
136	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	once a woman stops using hrt , her risk of breast cancer will start to drop back down again	AGAINST
209	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	data from the million women study suggest that the benefits of the estrogen only treatment might not apply to women at higher risk for a diagnosis of breast cancer	AGAINST
146	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	when a woman stops taking hrt the risk starts to go back down over time	AGAINST
31	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	there are two main types of hrt namely ( i ) estrogen only hrt which contains only estrogen and ( ii ) combined hrt which contains both estrogen and a progesterone	NONE
12	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	if you are taking the combined hormone pill for the long term treatment of marijuana disease such as osteoporosis , federal researchers have urged that you and your doctor discuss the possibility of stopping the therapy or tapering it off	AGAINST
35	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	deciding which type of hrt to use can be difficult	NONE
28	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hormone replacement therapy ( hrt ) involves taking female sex hormones to replace hormones that your ovaries no longer produce after menopause	NONE
42	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	it is important to remember that if you are in early menopause ( ie under 45 ) rather than natural menopause , hrt will just be replacing the hormones that would normally be produced at your age	NONE
167	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	a long term review of two clinical trials has shed new light on menopausal hormone therapy and breast cancer risk over time	NONE
22	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	many bothersome symptoms associated with menopause , including hot flashes and mood swings , frequently get better on their own	AGAINST
93	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	prof dame valerie be ral , professor of epidemiology and director of the cancer epidemiology unit at the university of oxford , called for guidelines to be changed to warn women of the link between hrt and ovarian cancer	AGAINST
192	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	if you decide to use hrt , try estrogen only formulations and use it for as brief a time as possible	AGAINST
229	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	however , the latest news about associated health risks has led doctors to believe that the cancer risks are serious enough to outweigh the benefits of the therapy for many women	AGAINST
51	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	systemic estrogen which comes in pill , skin patch , gel , cream or spray form remains the most effective treatment for relief of troublesome menopausal hot flashes and night sweats	FAVOR
95	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	although hrt use fell rapidly about a decade ago , in the uk and the us around six million women are still using the treatment , which counters hot flushes , mood swings and other symptoms of the menopause	NONE
141	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	there is evidence that the progestogen part of combined hrt can counteract the cancer causing effects of the estrogen part	FAVOR
196	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	whi study on hrt usage showed that 38 women are being diagnosed with breast cancer per 10 , 000 women who are taking the combined hrt per year as compared to 30 women per 10 , 000 who are not using hrt	AGAINST
76	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt drugs are used to alleviate the symptoms of the menopause , which can be so severe they interfere with day to day life	FAVOR
41	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for most women with menopausal symptoms or those thought to be at risk of osteoporosis , the benefits of taking hrt outweigh the risks	FAVOR
111	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the original research found that women who had taken hrt were twice as likely to develop breast cancer and more likely to die	AGAINST
150	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	more research needs to be carried out in this area before this link is confirmed	NONE
78	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	taking hrt for five years is linked to one extra case of ovarian cancer per 1 , 000 women	AGAINST
164	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the meta analysis also finds a reduced risk of mucinous ovarian cancer with hrt use	FAVOR
26	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	and there are a variety of non hormonal therapies to treat bladder problems and vaginal dryness associated with menopause	AGAINST
237	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	in view of this latest news , some doctors are reevaluating the safety of estrogen replacement therapy for everyone except women who have had a hysterectomy and who have had both ovaries removed	AGAINST
162	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	it is important to note that the largest randomized trial of hrt in post menopausal women , the women is health initiative , did not find any increase in risk of ovarian cancer for users of estrogen or estrogen plus progestogen therapy after more than 5 years use	FAVOR
185	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	many factors aside from hrt influence breast cancer risk	NONE
140	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	but the picture for combined hrt is a bit more complicated	NONE
0	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the authors of an article on the trial 's results , published in jama , point out that the percentage of cancer risk was high in women taking hrt , compared to women who did n't take hormones	AGAINST
2	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	out of 10 , 000 women taking hrt , seven more would be expected to have coronary heart disease events , eight more would have breast cancer , eight more would have strokes , and eight more would have blood clots	AGAINST
77	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	women have a one in 50 chance of developing ovarian cancer in their lifetime	NONE
46	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	use of hormone therapy changed abruptly when a large clinical trial found that the treatment actually posed more health risks than benefits for one type of hormone therapy , particularly when given to older postmenopausal women	AGAINST
100	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	your risk of developing breast cancer may rise slightly with the amount of estrogen your body is exposed to	AGAINST
125	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	new research shows that existing studies can only tell us that there may or may not be a link between hrt and increased risk of breast cancer	NONE
148	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt may reduce the risk of bowel cancer , but the evidence is mixed	NONE
176	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	estrogen is prescribed for women who no longer have a uterus	NONE
90	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the effects were the same for the two main types of hrt preparations containing just estrogen and estrogen together with a prog esta gen	NONE
85	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the study , conducted by a team at oxford university and involving 100 researchers worldwide , found that women who take hrt to combat symptoms of the menopause are 40 per cent more likely to get one of the two most common types of ovarian cancer	AGAINST
172	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the study authors concluded there is a greater adverse influence for estrogen and progestin use and somewhat greater benefit for use of estrogen alone	AGAINST
177	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	estrogen therapy may increase the risk of endometrial cancer , so women who still have a uterus usually take estrogen plus progestin	AGAINST
98	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	scientists found that the rate of ovarian cancer among those who took hrt was too 6 per 1 , 000 women over five years	AGAINST
36	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	some women do get side effects with hrt and these will be explained if you choose to use hrt	AGAINST
144	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	using either estrogen only or combined ( estrogen and progestogen ) hrt increases a woman 's risk of ovarian cancer	AGAINST
61	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	women who have had their uterus removed ( hysterectomy ) do n't need to take progestin	NONE
159	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	what often gets lost in the mix when the media discuss hrt is that it brings very real benefits to the quality of life , which should not be discounted	FAVOR
137	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	breast cancer is much more common than either ovarian or womb cancer	NONE
11	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	today 's report confirms the study 's primary conclusion that combination hormone therapy should not be used to prevent disease in healthy , postmenopausal women	AGAINST
240	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	in a sub study of for , 500 women aged 65 and older in the whi , those on the hrt regimen were found to be twice as likely to develop alzheimer 's disease or another form of dementia within five years compared with women who took a placebo	AGAINST
27	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	unfortunately , few effective alternative treatments exist for menopausal symptoms that are severe	FAVOR
227	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	replacing the lost estrogen with hormone supplements can alleviate these problems , which may include hot flashes , depression , mood swings , vaginal dryness , sleep disturbances , and clouded thinking	FAVOR
4	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	new research confirms hrt risks outweigh benefits	AGAINST
122	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the researchers concluded that hrt may or may not increase the risk of breast cancer and none of the three studies is able to establish that it does	NONE
32	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	estrogen only hrt is used for women who have had a hysterectomy	NONE
142	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	studies have shown that the more days per month a woman uses progestogen , as part of combined hrt , the less the increase in risk of womb cancer	FAVOR
175	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	replacing estrogen can help ease those symptoms	NONE
138	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	this means that , if you look at the total effect of hrt on these types of cancer , combined hrt is linked to more cases than estrogen only hrt , because of its effect on the risk of breast cancer	AGAINST
62	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	in the largest clinical trial to date , a combination estrogen progestin pill ( prempro ) increased the risk of certain serious conditions , including heart disease , stroke , blood clots and breast cancer	AGAINST
135	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	and if they use hrt for over 10 years , their risks are even higher	AGAINST
128	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	after menopause , a woman is ovaries stop producing the hormone estrogen	NONE
222	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	although there had been some reports that women on hrt developed less aggressive cancers , the researchers found that was far from the case	AGAINST
186	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt , a pharmaceutical hormone that often includes a combination of estrogen and progestin , is considered a known human carcinogen	AGAINST
70	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	early menopause typically lowers the risk of most types of breast cancer	FAVOR
232	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	estrogen taken without progestin can cause uterine cancer	AGAINST
64	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hormone therapy , particularly estrogen combined with a progestin , can make your breasts look more dense on mammograms , making breast cancer more difficult to detect	AGAINST
44	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hormone replacement therapy medications containing female hormones to replace the ones the body no longer makes after menopause used to be a standard treatment for women with hot flashes and other menopause symptoms	FAVOR
158	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	as much of the uk media pointed out , while the risk increase found here is worth noting and investigating further , women should not stop taking hrt without consulting their doctor	NONE
40	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	if you are worried about taking hrt , you should discuss the risks and benefits relating to your individual situation with your doctor	NONE
123	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the researchers also said that the randomized controlled trial of estrogen only hrt had shown no increased risk of breast cancer	FAVOR
23	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	one of the best things women can do , according to the national cancer institute ( nci ) , is to adopt a healthy lifestyle including not smoking , getting regular exercise , and having a good , nutritious diet	NONE
184	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	if you have a personal history of breast cancer or are at higher risk , hrt may not be safe	AGAINST
180	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	according to the national cancer institute , evidence regarding risks and benefits come from the clinical trials conducted as part of the women is health initiative ( whi )	NONE
81	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	but the impact on ovarian cancer due to hrt has been debated , particularly for those taking the drug for less than five years	NONE
39	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	current research evidence suggests taking hrt can slightly increase your risk of developing ovarian and breast cancer	AGAINST
206	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	more recent analysis clarify that the increased risk of breast cancer in the women is health initiative study occurred in women taking the combined estrogen progestin formula , but not in women taking estrogen only hrt supplements	AGAINST
47	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	as the concern about health hazards attributed to hormone therapy grew , doctors became less likely to prescribe it	AGAINST
94	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	she said the definite risk of ovarian cancer , even with less than five years of hrt , is directly relevant to today 's patterns of use with most women now taking hrt for only a few years and has implications for current efforts to revise uk and worldwide guidelines	AGAINST
207	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	when the studies were continued for the estrogen only arms of the major studies , statistically significant decreases in breast cancer risk were noted in women who had been taking conjugated equine estrogen formulations	AGAINST
161	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	this topic has been a contentious issue for some years with a majority of observational studies failing to show an increased risk of ovarian cancer with hrt use whilst two large studies from the uk and denmark did find an increase	NONE
43	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	tt is thought that most women in early menopause would benefit from taking hrt , at least until the predicted age of natural menopause roughly 52 years of age	FAVOR
145	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	in 2015 new research found that there is an increased risk of ovarian cancer even for women who are taking hrt for under 5 years	AGAINST
168	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	in earlier clinical trials , combination hormone replacement therapy ( hrt ) consisting of progestin plus estrogen was linked to an increased risk of breast cancer and death from that disease	AGAINST
3	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the difference between the women taking hrt and those on placebo was alarming enough to halt at five years a portion of the study that was supposed last more than eight years	AGAINST
105	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hormone replacement therapy ( hrt ) is associated with a slightly increased risk of developing breast cancer	AGAINST
53	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	low dose vaginal preparations of estrogen which come in cream , tablet or ring form can effectively treat vaginal symptoms and some urinary symptoms , while minimizing absorption into the body	FAVOR
133	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the risk of developing breast cancer is increased for women who are using combined hrt , and may also be increased for users of estrogen only hrt	AGAINST
223	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	on the contrary , women taking the combined hrt were 25 percent more likely to have an invasive breast cancer than women in the placebo group	AGAINST
190	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the evidence from studies of women taking hrt has supported these concerns regarding cancer	AGAINST
228	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	some women may be able to take hormone replacement therapy to treat hot flashes and other menopausal symptoms in the short term without any ill effects	FAVOR
49	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	however , further review of clinical trials and new evidence show that hormone therapy may be a good choice for certain women , depending on their risk factors	FAVOR
163	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	this meta analysis does not suggest that hrt causes ovarian cancer but does find an association between hrt use and increased risk of two specific types of epithelial ovarian cancer , serous and endo metroid	AGAINST
80	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	however , the hrt drugs have also been found to reduce the risk of osteoporosis and bowel cancers	FAVOR
34	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	there are several ways hrt can be taken , including as a gel that you rub into your skin , tablets or a patch that sticks onto your skin	NONE
234	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for women without a hysterectomy , the only recommended hormone replacement therapy is the combination of estrogen and progestin , which causes an increased risk of breast cancer	AGAINST
7	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	another study of the whi data published in jama in 2008 confirmed the health risks associated with long term use of estrogen progestin hormone therapy in postmenopausal women	AGAINST
171	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	within too 75 years after stopping therapy , the risk was still present but not as high	AGAINST
110	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the reports said that the study that reported the link between hrt and breast cancer in 2002 was fundamentally flawed	FAVOR
91	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	an increase in risk with hrt was seen only for the two most common types of ovarian cancer , serous and en dome trio id ovarian cancers , and not for the two less common types , mucinous and clear cell ovarian cancers	AGAINST
83	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	prof sir richard peto told the bbc news website it 's a risk , about a million women in this country have hrt and 1 , 000 will get ovarian cancer from it	AGAINST
219	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	women on combination hormone therapy were also more likely to have abnormal mammograms even in the first year of treatment than women taking a placebo , according to the same study	AGAINST
224	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	women taking the combined hrt were 78 percent more likely to have cancer that had spread to the lymph nodes	AGAINST
89	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	although the ovarian cancer risk falls over time after stopping hrt treatment , women who had used hrt for at least five years still had an increased risk of ovarian cancer 10 years later	AGAINST
8	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	while the study showed diminished risk of heart disease three years after the whi intervention stopped , researchers found the overall risks of hormone therapy such as stroke , blood clots , and cancer outweighed the benefits	AGAINST
13	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for postmenopausal women with osteoporosis , for example , there are a number of treatments that have been shown to be more effective than hormone replacement therapy	AGAINST
59	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for women who have n't had their uterus removed , estrogen is typically prescribed along with progesterone or progestin ( progesterone like medication )	NONE
211	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	after three years , breast cancer rates remained slightly elevated in this group but were no longer statistically different from the placebo group	AGAINST
131	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the evidence that hrt can cause some types of cancer ( breast , womb and ovarian ) is strong	AGAINST
17	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	progestin keeps uterine cells from dividing and causes the uterus to shed its lining each month	NONE
166	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hormone therapy that includes progestin plus estrogen may increase breast cancer risk , but estrogen alone may lower risk , according to long term review	NONE
72	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of ovarian cancer , analysis of 52 separate studies has found	AGAINST
216	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the next year , the journal of the american medical association ( jama ) reported more bad news for women getting hrt	AGAINST
134	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the million women study results suggested that women who are using combined hrt have double the risk of breast cancer compared to non users	AGAINST
201	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	breast cancer risk was greatest among users of estrogen progestin combination therapy	AGAINST
226	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	as you approach menopause , your levels of estrogen and progesterone ( the hormones that cause you to ovulate and menstruate each month ) start to decline , often triggering a whole host of symptoms that can range from annoying to incapacitating	NONE
63	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	a related clinical trial evaluating estrogen alone ( premarin ) in women who previously had a hysterectomy found no increased risk of breast cancer or heart disease	FAVOR
54	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	low dose vaginal preparations do not help with hot flashes , night sweats or protection against osteoporosis	AGAINST
107	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	it 's estimated that there will be an extra 19 cases of breast cancer for every 1 , 000 women taking combined hrt for 10 years	AGAINST
50	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the benefits of hormone therapy depend , in part , on whether you take systemic hormone therapy or low dose vaginal preparations of estrogen	FAVOR
204	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	other research has confirmed the basic result that use of hrt increases risk of breast cancer in post menopausal women	AGAINST
174	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	lack of estrogen can cause symptoms such as hot flashes , vaginal dryness , and painful intercourse	NONE
205	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	examination of cancer tissue in women taking combined hrt at the time of diagnosis reveals an increased presentation of breast cancer of lobular origin	AGAINST
189	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	it is not surprising that there are concerns over exposure to hormones through pharmaceuticals	AGAINST
242	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt had often been prescribed for the treatment of urinary incontinence	NONE
217	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the journal published a study of women who took a combination of estrogen and progestin , a synthetic form of progesterone , and showed they were at risk of getting a more aggressive form of breast cancer than women who did n't get hrt	AGAINST
169	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	women who had a hysterectomy and took estrogen alone were found to have a reduced risk of breast cancer and breast cancer death	FAVOR
58	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the study found no significant association between hormone therapy and heart disease	AGAINST
48	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hormone therapy is no longer recommended for disease prevention , such as heart disease or memory loss	AGAINST
88	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the study found that there was a significantly increased risk of developing the disease in current or recent users of hrt	AGAINST
21	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt may also not be a good choice if you have uterine fibroids , since estrogen can make them grow bigger , and thus cause pain and bleeding	AGAINST
57	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	a recent , randomized , controlled clinical trial the kronos early estrogen prevention study ( keeps ) explored estrogen use and heart disease in younger postmenopausal women	NONE
203	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	researchers estimated that women who used hrt for 10 years were almost four times more likely to develop breast cancer than women who did not use hrt	AGAINST
160	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	most experts agree that if hrt is used on a short term basis ( no more than five years ) , the benefits usually outweigh the risks	FAVOR
238	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	in a study of more than 16 , 000 women , sponsored by the national heart , lung and blood institute ( nhlbi ) , the rate of coronary heart disease among women who took hrt was 29 percent higher , compared with the women who took placebos	AGAINST
187	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	several major studies not only show that hrt increases risks for breast cancer , but also link the treatment to heart disease , stroke and blood clots	AGAINST
191	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	you can treat many of the symptoms of menopause with exercise and a healthy diet , instead of with hrt	AGAINST
129	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	as a result , she may experience menopausal symptoms including hot flashes and mood swings	NONE
37	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	some women are wary of hrt because it has been reported in the media that it can increase your risk of developing cancer	AGAINST
157	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt increases ovarian cancer risk by small amount	AGAINST
231	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	we conclude that estrogen plus progestin does not prevent heart disease and is not beneficial overall , the researchers wrote	AGAINST
1	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the authors of an article on the trial 's results , published in jama , point out that the actual number of women who are on hrt , getting these illnesses was small	FAVOR
52	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	estrogen can also ease vaginal symptoms of menopause , such as dryness , itching , burning and discomfort with intercourse	FAVOR
149	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	it 's also unclear whether any reduction in the risk of bowel cancer would only last for as long as a woman is using hrt	NONE
130	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt treats these symptoms by boosting the body with more female sex hormones	FAVOR
151	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	a meta analysis of 52 epidemiological studies , involving a total of 21488 women with ovarian cancer , almost all from north america , europe and australia , was published in the lancet on 13 february 2015	FAVOR
103	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	if you 've experienced the menopause and are overweight or obese , you may be more at risk of developing breast cancer	NONE
99	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for women who did not take the drug , the cancer incidence dropped to too too per 1 , 000 over the same period	AGAINST
116	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for example , one criterion assessed was whether the women had taken hrt before they had breast cancer	NONE
87	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	prof sir richard peto , co author , said for women who take hrt for five years from around age 50 , there will be about one extra ovarian cancer for every 1 , 000 users and one extra ovarian cancer death for every 1 , 700 users	AGAINST
202	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the study enrolled more than 1 million women ages 50 to 64	NONE
74	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	lead researcher sir richard peto said claims that there was no risk for short courses of hrt simply is n't true	AGAINST
214	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	it was eye catching news in 2002 when researchers called a halt to a major government run study of a hormone therapy used by millions of older women , after they found that long term use of estrogen and progestin raised the risk of heart disease , stroke , blood clots , and invasive breast cancer	AGAINST
210	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	a follow up of the women in the women is health initiative trial three years after all study participants stopped taking either the hrt or placebo treatments demonstrated increases in invasive cancers of all sorts ( grouped together ) in women who had been in the hrt arm of the trial	AGAINST
121	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	in women who have an intact uterus , giving unopposed estrogen without progesterone can cause overgrowth of the lining of the uterus ( the endometrium ) , which increases the risk of endometrial cancer	AGAINST
245	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	the whi study did find a few benefits from the hrt regimen , including a 37 percent reduction in the rate of colorectal cancer , one third fewer hip fractures , and a 24 percent reduction in total fractures	FAVOR
20	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	getting hrt may be inadvisable if you have a personal or family history of breast cancer or if you 've ever had uterine cancer , liver disease , a blood clot , heart disease , high blood pressure , a heart attack , or a stroke	AGAINST
188	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	there is a long established link between lifetime exposure to steroid hormones such as hrt and breast cancer	AGAINST
71	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for women who reach menopause prematurely , the protective benefits of hormone therapy usually outweigh the risks	FAVOR
106	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	both combined hrt and estrogen only hrt can increase your risk of developing breast cancer , although the risk is slightly higher if you take combined hrt	AGAINST
14	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	for women with moderate to severe or disabling symptoms of menopause , taking hormones for short term use may make sense	FAVOR
92	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	current hrt guidelines from the world health organization , the us and europe do not mention ovarian cancer , whilst uk guidelines state only that the risk might be increased with long term use	AGAINST
179	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	hrt may also increase risk of blood clots , heart attack , and stroke	AGAINST
102	Should women take HRT post-menopause?	in the same way , not having children , or having children later in life , may slightly increase your risk of developing breast cancer because your exposure to estrogen is uninterrupted by pregnancy	NONE
