38	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see is typically used by many canadians to both prevent and treat ( or manage ) the common cold	FAVOR
170	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a cochrane review earlier this year found that regular vitamin see supplements had no effect on common cold incidence	AGAINST
143	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	supplementation with larger amounts of vitamin see has not been shown to be more effective , and it may cause diarrhea or have other adverse effects	AGAINST
57	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	it is not necessarily a stretch to assume vitamin see might be protective against colds	FAVOR
267	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	though the information on vitamin see and the common cold is mixed , there are few risks in trying vitamin see and vitamin see supplements for reducing the severity or duration of cold and flu	FAVOR
218	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	there are still many sound reasons to get plenty of see researchers have long known that vitamin see is an essential building block of collagen , the structural material for bone , skin , blood vessels and other tissue	NONE
178	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	today is popular belief that vitamin see can treat the common cold originated from claims made by influential american chemist linus pauling during the 1960s	NONE
31	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the review results suggested that vitamin see might help prevent colds in people exposed to short periods of intense physical activity , such as marathon runners or skiers , but not in the general population	AGAINST
256	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	researchers also believe the powerful antioxidant action of vitamin see mops up inflammatory chemicals produced during a viral infection , to improve symptoms and hasten healing if a cold develops	FAVOR
78	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	overwhelming evidence shows that vitamin see prevents common colds and reduces a colds severity and duration	FAVOR
204	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	when you 're sniffling and sneezing from a cold , you may be tempted to reach for a bottle of vitamin see pills or drink some orange juice	NONE
120	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	four medical scientists who have analyzed the results of these trials have found pauling 's claims unsupported , except for slight reduction in severity , in most of those trials that were scientifically properly designed and executed	AGAINST
239	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	pauling suggested that taking large doses of vitamin see could do everything from fight cancer to prevent heart disease	NONE
111	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	few things have stirred the imagination and hopes of the public in matters of nutrition or vexed nutrition scientists as much as linus pauling 's 1970 book , vitamin see and the common cold	NONE
185	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	two sets of volunteers , one group who was given vitamin see pills and one group who was given placebo pills , were infected with a cold virus and it was found that all of the volunteers developed colds with similar symptoms and durations	AGAINST
108	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	however , for people under extreme stress , or who do n't consume an adequate amount of fruits and vegetables , supplementation does appear to offer some protective benefits , and lower their risk of colds	FAVOR
179	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	pauling said that after regularly taking high doses of vitamin see , he felt livelier and healthier and no longer experienced cold symptoms	FAVOR
109	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	regardless , the review found that once cold symptoms show up , taking a therapeutic dose of vitamin see will not affect the duration or severity of the common cold	AGAINST
269	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in the past few decades , multiple randomized controlled trials have examined whether the vitamin has any actual effect on the common cold	NONE
69	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	where vitamin see might be the most useful is after exposure to unusual stress or cold exposure	FAVOR
113	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	it recommended that if symptoms of a cold do start , you should take 500 or 1 , 000 mg every hour for several hours	FAVOR
2	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the authors say that the clinical significance of this minor reduction is questionable , although the consistency of these findings points to a genuine biological effect	AGAINST
104	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	as we 've shown , the research on vitamin see as a sickness fixer is mixed , though many professionals maintain that it 's not an effective treatment for the sniffles	NONE
76	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	even if it does shorten the duration of colds or lessen the symptoms , the benefits aren t dramatic	AGAINST
112	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the book 's main claim was that taking 1 gram ( 1 , 000 mg ) of vitamin see daily would reduce the incidence of colds by 45 for most people , but that some persons might need much larger amounts	FAVOR
146	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	however , some physicians recommend taking several grams a day in divided doses at the first sign of a scratchy throat or stuffy nose	FAVOR
158	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	while the results of this study should be interpreted with caution considering that the data was based upon self reported cases of the cold , it nonetheless demonstrates the protective effect of vitamin see upon the frequency of catching the common cold	FAVOR
96	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a lot has changed in the past 70 years , and as the popularity of vitamin see continues to escalate , there seems to be more and more confusion regarding how much of it we should be taking	NONE
117	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	experimental studies of the possible value of vitamin see in the prevention of infections have been conducted by medical investigators ever since preparations of the pure crystalline vitamin became commercially available during the 1930s	NONE
147	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a series of investigations regarding whether or not vitamin see has a significant impact upon fighting off the common cold began in 1970 with the book , vitamin see and the common cold , by linus pauling	NONE
181	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	subjects who received vitamin see pills took approximately 30 fewer disability days off from work compared to those who did not take the pills	FAVOR
224	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the vitamin appears to inhibit bacterial growth	NONE
74	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	as you can see , the potential downsides to taking vitamin see supplements are greater than the benefits of doing so	NONE
127	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	thus , in this test , vitamin see neither prevented colds nor shortened their duration	AGAINST
29	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	research has found no evidence that vitamin see prevents colds , says dr has muk h joshi , vice chair of the royal college of gps	AGAINST
225	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see is also proving to be friendly to the heart and arteries	NONE
202	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	to summarize , while large doses of vitamin see are probably not effective for reducing incidence of cold , deficiencies can make you more susceptible	AGAINST
244	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	american academy of nurse practitioners suggests it could be effective at reducing the duration of a cold , but not its severity	FAVOR
148	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	pauling promoted the idea that large megadoses of vitamin see could reduce both the duration and severity of the common cold	FAVOR
266	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	however , in five studies of people under extreme physical stress , like marathon runners and skiers , taking vitamin see appeared to reduce the occurrence of the common cold	FAVOR
5	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	those taking the vitamin experienced , on average , a 50 reduction in common cold incidence	FAVOR
116	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	also , the vast majority of reputable medical and nutritional scientists strongly disagree with him	AGAINST
56	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	more research is needed to evaluate the benefits or harms of taking mega doses of vitamin see as a treatment once a cold has started	NONE
157	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	they found that the incidence of the common cold for the low dose group ( 9 too ) was higher than that for the high dose group ( 3 too ) , suggesting that a higher daily dose of vitamin see influences a lower incidence of the common cold ( as we would expect by now )	FAVOR
183	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in one study , subjects in a high stress subgroup who took vitamin see supplements experienced a 50 percent reduction in incidence of the common cold	FAVOR
65	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	although not consistent , the evidence as a whole , suggests linus pauling was wrong and if there is a benefit to taking vitamin see for cold prevention , it is small	AGAINST
165	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a study by scientists from the university of helsinki suggests that vitamin see is most effective for active people who exercise regularly by helping reduce sniffles and the amount of time a cold lasts	FAVOR
85	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	and if they did get a cold , it was of shorter duration and less severe than those in the placebo group	FAVOR
180	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	by the mid 1970s , an estimated 50 million americans were using vitamin see to treat colds , and drugstore sales of vitamin see products had quadrupled	NONE
12	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	traditional remedies like echinacea , ginseng , vapor rubs and cough medicine were found to have no clear benefits while antibiotics were likely to cause more harm than good , the researchers concluded	NONE
35	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	there are over 200 viruses that are associated with the common cold and it affects people worldwide , not just those living in wintry places	NONE
28	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see may provide benefit for people at high risk of colds due to frequent exposure for example , children who attend group child care during the winter	FAVOR
211	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	if you take at least 0 too grams of vitamin see every day , you 're not likely to have fewer colds , but they may end a day or two quicker	FAVOR
139	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	anderson 's second trial in 1974 revealed 250 mg of vitamin per day reduced severity of cold as much as did 1 , 000 mg or for , 000 mg	NONE
51	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	should we take vitamin see to help once a cold has started ?	NONE
95	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	this collagen acts as the stabilizing tissue in the bone , muscle and skin	NONE
175	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see has long been touted for its supposed ability to treat the common cold	NONE
273	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	basically , if you take vitamin see , you will get just as many colds as you did before but they may be slightly less severe and last for a slightly shorter time period	FAVOR
41	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	an examination of the scientific evidence based on humans will help us assess the value of using vitamin see for preventing and treating the common cold	NONE
240	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	but many of pauling 's more dramatic claims were not borne out in research done since then , and by the time he died in 1994 , some in the medical establishment had labeled him a quack	NONE
184	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in fact , at least 15 other studies can corroborate the results published by university of toronto researchers , debunking the vitamin see myth by uncovering evidence against it	AGAINST
136	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the recipients were nonsmoking men testing negative for antibodies to the rv 16 type cold virus	NONE
26	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in most cases , vitamin see supplements wo n't help prevent colds	AGAINST
271	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a meta analysis that examined 29 trials in a total of 11 , 306 participants revealed that supplementing with 200 mg or more of vitamin see did not reduce frequency of colds	AGAINST
141	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	dr thomas chambers concluded in 1975 i , who have colds as often and as severe as those of any man , do not consider the very minor potential benefit that might result from taking vitamin see three times a day for life worth either the effort or the risk , no matter how slight the latter might be	AGAINST
167	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	if you take at least 0 too grams of vitamin see every day , you 're not likely to have fewer colds , but they may end a day or two quicker	FAVOR
0	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the researchers conclude that the lack of effect of prophylactic vitamin see supplementation on the incidence of common cold in normal populations throws doubt on the utility of this wide practice	AGAINST
241	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	today , the institute of medicine recommends that adult males get 90 milligrams of vitamin see daily in their diet , women get 75 mg daily and children consume between 15 and 75 mg daily , depending on their age and sex	NONE
100	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	while research abounds , most experts say there is still little proof that increasing vitamin see intake will help cut down on sick days	AGAINST
217	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	nor does taking large doses slow or stop cancer	NONE
212	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in general , vitamin see wo n't harm you if you get it by eating food like fruits and veggies	NONE
98	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	without enough of this antioxidant protection , mostly taken in the form of fruits and vegetables , you will find yourself at a higher health risk for a larger number of diseases and health conditions	NONE
36	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	scientists have taken an interest in vitamin see since the early 1930s	NONE
61	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	you need a healthy immune system to fight off cold viruses	NONE
150	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a 1999 study published in the journal of manipulative and physiological therapeutics assessed the impact of vitamin see megadoses upon the incidence , duration and severity of the common cold amongst 252 students at a technical training facility in santiago , chile	NONE
197	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see supplementation has also been shown to enhance several physiological aspects of the immune response , but these studies do not prove that vitamin see reduces your susceptibility to the cold	AGAINST
255	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	there are other measures more likely to have a noticeable effect on colds , such as regular hand washing and getting enough dietary zinc , according to a 2014 study in the canadian medical association journal	AGAINST
201	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	while incidence of cold was not reduced with supplements , the duration of cold does seem to be significantly shortened with additional vitamin see , a feature most of us would take in a heartbeat when feeling under the weather	FAVOR
11	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	academics who looked back at 67 studies examining the effectiveness of cold prevention and remedies discovered that few live up to the hype	AGAINST
274	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	of course , there are other potential benefits of vitamin see supplementation and there is a lot of epidemiological evidence suggesting that adequate vitamin see from foods is linked to reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer	NONE
238	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see gained its reputation as an almost miraculous substance after two time nobel prize winner linus pauling first touted the benefits of the micronutrient in a series of books , with titles such as vitamin see and the common cold , ( with h	FAVOR
27	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	however , taking vitamin see before the onset of cold symptoms may shorten the duration of symptoms	FAVOR
186	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	leading medical advisory groups including the food and drug administration , the american medical association , and the american dietetic association do not recommend supplemental vitamin see to prevent or treat colds	AGAINST
4	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	they found six studies in which the vitamin or a placebo was given to marathon runners , skiers and soldiers exposed to significant cold and or physical stress	NONE
122	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	two studies of this type found that everyone got colds whether they took vitamin see or not	AGAINST
32	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a daily dose of vitamin see did slightly reduce the length and severity of colds in the ordinary population	FAVOR
220	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in addition , many studies show that eating foods rich in see can reduce the risk of developing cancer , particularly cancers that strike the mouth and digestive tract , according to jane higdon , a nutrition scientist at the linus pauling institute at oregon state university	NONE
162	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	this concept was made popular in 1970 when nobel prize winner linus pauling recommended taking much more of the vitamin in his book vitamin see and the common cold	NONE
176	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	when sickness sets in , many of us immediately turn to vitamin see products such as supplement pills , juices , and cough drops	NONE
215	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	alas , neither claim has quite held up under scrutiny	AGAINST
138	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	dr tru swell concluded it is now fairly clear that for preventing colds , vitamin see has no worthwhile effect , but he believed that there is thus a little more evidence for a small therapeutic effect of ascorbic acid ( vitamin see )	AGAINST
62	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	back in the 1970s , a small study supported dr pauling is belief that vitamin see wards off colds	FAVOR
135	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the number of colds per person , the duration of colds and their severity were the same in both vitamin and placebo groups	AGAINST
128	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in 1979 , dr cou leh an published his analysis of vitamin see versus the common cold and concluded that extra vitamin see is not worth taking	AGAINST
268	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	however , isaac does n't recommend taking high doses of vitamin see every day only while the cold is active	NONE
229	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	after volunteers ate two or three vitamin see rich kiwis a day for 28 days , platelets in their blood were less likely to clump together and form small blood clots that can jam arteries and lead to heart attack or stroke	NONE
70	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	for example , some studies show supplementing with vitamin see before and after extreme physical exertion , like running a marathon , does lower the risk of developing a cold by up to half	FAVOR
232	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	last year a study in seoul , south korea , reported higher birth weights among babies born to mothers with high vitamin see levels	NONE
64	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	since then , study after study has looked at whether or not vitamin see prevents colds with inconsistent results	NONE
44	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the review found that people who do regular and intense physical exercise in cold weather ( soldiers , skiers , marathon runners ) and take vitamin see regularly did have a 48 decrease in the frequency of colds	FAVOR
196	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see does not prevent you catching a cold	AGAINST
156	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a 2006 study published in the european journal of clinical nutrition split up patients with atrophic gastritis into a low dose vitamin see group ( receiving 50 mg day ) and a high dose vitamin see group ( receiving 500 mg day ) and followed their self reported incidences of the common cold over a 5 year period	NONE
40	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	this may result in reducing the number of infections as well as their severity	FAVOR
123	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	all of the volunteers whether they received vitamin see or not , got colds , which were of equal severity	AGAINST
222	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	recent findings suggest it may also protect against helicobacter pylori , bacteria linked to both stomach cancer and ulcers	NONE
153	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	they found a 29 decrease in severity of common cold symptoms for groups that increased their intake from 1000 mg to 2000 4000 mg throughout the duration of their cold	FAVOR
23	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the researchers discovered that it halved the risk of catching a cold among people under short term physical stress , such as exercise	FAVOR
227	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	here , too , the antioxidant effect may be at work , preventing damage to artery walls that can promote cholesterol buildup	NONE
223	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a 2003 study at the san francisco veterans affairs medical center reported that people with high blood levels of vitamin see are less likely to test positive for infection by h pylori	NONE
81	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	gorton and jarvis conducted a controlled study of 715 subjects to investigate the effect of mega dose vitamin see in preventing and relieving cold and flu symptoms	NONE
39	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see is believed to have protective effects on body cells when there is an infection	FAVOR
200	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	however , vitamin see supplementation does drastically reduce the incidence of cold under high stress conditions such as intense exercise or subarctic temperatures	FAVOR
250	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	most of the studies that the researchers reviewed were double blinded , meaning that neither the participants nor the doctors who ran the study were told which participants were getting a sugar pill and which were taking the vitamin supplement	NONE
47	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	if the average cold lasts 8 to 10 days then you will feel like your cold has stopped about one day sooner when you take vitamin see regularly	FAVOR
94	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	another role vitamin see plays is with promoting a strong immune system and helping to build collagen	NONE
230	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	eating kiwis also lowered triglycerides , or fats in the blood , by 15 percent , an effect that scientists credit to kiwis vitamin see , e and polyphenol content	NONE
246	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a 2013 review of dozens of studies found that vitamin see reduces the duration of colds by 8 percent in adults , and 14 percent in children	FAVOR
161	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	taking vitamin see has long been a conventional approach to preventing and fighting a cold	FAVOR
43	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the studies evaluating prevention showed that adults taking vitamin see daily did not decrease the number of colds relative to those taking a placebo	AGAINST
145	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see acts as an antihistamine and anti inflammatory to help dry up a runny nose	FAVOR
190	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	recent studies have revealed that vitamin see did n't keep colds at bay for most people , but was found to reduce the duration of a cold when taken at the onset of symptoms	FAVOR
208	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in some cases vitamin see made cold symptoms improve	FAVOR
3	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	but the authors did find evidence that the vitamin could help prevent colds in people exposed to extreme physical exertion or cold weather	FAVOR
105	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	contrary to popular belief , mega doses of vitamin see are not the best way to get over a cold	AGAINST
53	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	although promising , we are not yet certain if taking larger doses of vitamin see makes any real difference once a cold has started	NONE
133	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	taken together , the anderson studies suggest that extra vitamin see nay slightly reduce the severity of colds , but that it is not necessary to take the high dosages suggested by pauling to achieve this result	AGAINST
1	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in these prevention studies , those people who were given vitamin see and then caught a cold experienced a small reduction in the duration of the cold compared with those taking a placebo	FAVOR
233	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	this year a report in the european journal of clinical nutrition suggests that vitamin see in breast milk may reduce the risk of allergic dermatitis in predisposed infants	NONE
103	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	and another study suggests upping vitamin see intake could reduce the severity and duration of a cold and hopefully erase the need for that economy size tissue box	FAVOR
49	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	there were two studies where the participants took ' mega ' doses of vitamin see at the start of the cold ( i e , taking very large doses of vitamin see )	NONE
163	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in the years since the publication of pauling 's popular book , researchers have found inconclusive evidence supporting his claim that vitamin see has a significant effect on preventing and fighting colds	AGAINST
80	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in the years since pauling and kle nner , research has confirmed that vitamin see is the safest , cheapest and most effective way to fight the common cold	FAVOR
205	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	you can get vitamin see when you eat fruits and veggies , especially oranges and other citrus fruits	NONE
34	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the common cold affects people worldwide , not just those who live in cold climates	NONE
247	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	considering that the average cold lasts about a week , that reduction translates to about one less day of symptoms	FAVOR
7	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	when they looked at all seven studies together , they found no benefit from taking the vitamin	AGAINST
171	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	regular high doses had a modest effect on the duration of cold symptoms	FAVOR
198	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	much research has been done exploring the effectiveness of vitamin see in reducing incidence , duration , and severity of the common cold and other respiratory infections	NONE
259	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the most recent cochrane review into vitamin see and colds found a consistent treatment benefit with a reduction in the duration of a cold as well as in the severity of the symptoms	FAVOR
110	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	companies like airborne , which sell therapeutic doses of vitamin see , have been successfully sued for false advertising , and no longer use claims that they can prevent or cure common colds	AGAINST
91	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see also strengthens the body immune system , neutralizes free radicals , and kills viruses	FAVOR
83	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the authors also mentioned that , for more than 30 years vitamin see in mega dose quantities has been recognized as an effective agent against colds and flu	FAVOR
129	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	this study was designed to test pauling 's claims that ingestion of 1 , 000 mg of vitamin see daily would reduce the frequency of colds by 45 and the total days of illness by 60	NONE
52	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the research thus far does not show any important benefit for the duration or severity of symptoms once a cold has started	AGAINST
89	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	taking large quantities of vitamin see lessens the duration of the cold and its symptoms	FAVOR
8	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	but in one of the seven trials , patients took a single very high dose of the vitamin ( 8 g ) on the day their symptoms started and experienced a shorter illness compared with people who took a placebo pill	FAVOR
13	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	out of all the studies , only taking a zinc supplement was found to be beneficial at preventing colds	AGAINST
59	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see also supports healthy immune function	NONE
88	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	if you feel a cold coming on , take too , 000 mg of vitamin see every waking hour and continue this dosage until the cold is gone	FAVOR
131	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	no difference in the incidence of colds was found among the groups taking no vitamin see , 250 mg , 1 , 000 mg or too , 000 mg daily	AGAINST
17	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	it is a dietary antioxidant and so can neutralize the effects of free radicals and support the immune system 's host defense	FAVOR
166	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	that means that chances are still high that you may get sick during cold season , but your cold symptoms may not last as long if you eat fruits and vegetables rich in vitamin see , and exercise regularly	FAVOR
72	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	despite the fact that your body can self regulate vitamin see by eliminating the excess , high doses of vitamin see can overwhelm the system and potentially lead to side effects , the most common of which are stomach cramps , nausea , and diarrhea	NONE
272	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	however , there was a tendency for vitamin see to reduce the severity and duration of colds	FAVOR
134	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	nor is there anything to be gained by taking vitamin supplements year round in the hope of preventing colds	AGAINST
245	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the american association of family physicians says the vitamin is unlikely to shorten the duration or severity of colds	AGAINST
228	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	but vitamin see seems to protect in other ways as well	NONE
265	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	after analyzing extensive data from 29 studies , the researchers concluded that there was no evidence that it prevented the common cold , and found only a slight amount of evidence that it reduced the duration and severity of colds	AGAINST
63	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	this study found kids living at a skiing camp in the swiss alps who took 1 , 000 milligrams of vitamin see daily had fewer colds than a placebo group who didn t	FAVOR
54	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	taking vitamin see regularly as a supplement does n't prevent the number of colds ( frequency ) in adults but may help with the duration and severity once it is started	FAVOR
107	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	according to a review by cochrane of 30 randomized trials involving more than 11 , 000 adults , for the general population , supplementation with vitamin see does n't reduce the incidence of colds or upper respiratory tract infections in most adults	AGAINST
50	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	taking a higher dose may decrease the duration of a cold by about half a day	FAVOR
248	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	for people in the general population , vitamin see did n't ward off colds , the researchers also found	AGAINST
174	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see supplements can be dangerous for people with diabetes and certain other conditions	AGAINST
249	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	but among people under intense physical stress such as marathon runners , skiers and soldiers exercising in the arctic those who took vitamin see supplements were about half as likely to get colds as those who did not , the researchers found	FAVOR
189	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	these claims were not proven to be scientifically true , but what is known and proven is that an adequate intake of vitamin see does play a vital role in fighting infection	NONE
14	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	drugs like ibuprofen and paracetamol were found to be useful at reducing fever and taking honey soothed a sore throat	NONE
207	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in 2010 , researchers looked at all studies and found that taking vitamin see every day did not prevent the number of colds that a person got	AGAINST
187	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	washing hands frequently and avoiding close contact with people who are sick can help prevent the spread of germs	NONE
219	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	failing to get enough vitamin see causes inflammation of the gums , scaly skin , nosebleed , painful joints and other problems associated with scurvy	NONE
169	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see became popular in the seventies after nobel laureate linus pauling concluded it could prevent and alleviate colds	NONE
254	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in short , vitamin see could have some modest benefit for people seeking to avoid colds , but it 's no miracle cure	FAVOR
58	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see is an antioxidant vitamin that helps protect cells against free radical damage , the destruction that happens when cells are exposed to oxygen , and essentially causes cells to rust	NONE
48	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the research evaluated a smaller number of studies ( where people had a cold and then started taking vitamin see and showed that it makes no difference for the duration ( 7 studies ) or severity of symptoms ( four studies )	AGAINST
235	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	a national institutes of health study showed that the body can only absorb a maximum of about 400 milligrams a day more than that simply washes out of the system ( the upper tolerable limit for vitamin see has been set at too , 000 milligrams per day )	NONE
252	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	though it 's not clear how vitamin see might ward off the common cold , one possibility is that it activates white blood cells in some way , lawson said	FAVOR
21	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	finnish researchers have found taking drinks rich in vitamin see such such as orange juice makes no difference to couch potatoes for preventing cold	AGAINST
160	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	studies suggest that certain subpopulations could benefit more than others from vitamin see supplementation	FAVOR
191	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	on the other hand , vitamin see acts as a preventive measure to highly fit people in conditions of extreme cold ( results based mostly on marathon runners ) , as it was shown to cut the risk of getting a cold in half !	FAVOR
257	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	early studies involving school children and students found that taking vitamin see reduced the risk of catching a cold by as much as 30	FAVOR
149	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see reduces the duration and severity of the common cold with an initial mega dose of 6000 mg	FAVOR
130	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	in the vitamin group , 74 had one or more colds during the study period while 82 of the placebo group had one or more colds	FAVOR
151	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the researchers compared the duration and severity of the cold symptoms in the students that received the vitamin see mega dose to students that did not , and found that there was a 85 decrease in cold symptom severity and duration following the mega dose	FAVOR
99	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	researchers have been studying the role vitamin see plays in preventing and treating the common cold for more than 60 years	NONE
87	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the best way to prevent a cold is to take plenty of vitamin see	FAVOR
214	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	vitamin see burst into prominence back in the 1970s , when nobel prize winning scientist linus pauling claimed that high doses could stop cancer and might be the long sought cure for the common cold	FAVOR
121	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	one way to test whether high dosage vitamin see prevents colds is to inoculate the throats of volunteers with cold viruses	NONE
277	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	but an article in this month 's Parents Looking Over Shoulder medicine reviewing all of the best clinical research on this topic , suggests that the public 's enthusiasm for the vitamin may be unjustified	AGAINST
20	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	taking vitamin see to ward off a cold only helps if you exercise regularly , new research suggests	FAVOR
188	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	over the years , vitamin see was claimed to either prevent or cure common colds	NONE
71	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	so , if you have a marathon in your future , it might be smart to increase your vitamin see intake	FAVOR
106	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	while vitamin see supplementation does support the immune system in some people , once you have a cold , it will not help you get over it faster	AGAINST
270	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	the results have been fairly disappointing	AGAINST
102	Does Vitamin C prevent common cold?	another study found that vitamin see made a big difference in preventing colds among people exposed to brief periods of intense cold or extreme physical exercise ( like skiers , military personnel , and marathon runners ) , but not among the general population	AGAINST
