167	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the animal model , which examines for the first time , behavioral , functional and neuro morph o metric consequences of the childhood vaccine regimen , mimics certain neurological abnormalities of autism	FAVOR
162	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study published in the journal of toxicology and environmental health determined that mercury exposure can induce immune , sensory , neurological , motor and behavioral dysfunctions similar to traits defining or associated with asds	FAVOR
195	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the side effects commonly retracted from this vaccination are a mild form of each disease	NONE
96	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	more recently , some parents have been concerned that too many vaccines given too soon might cause autism	FAVOR
249	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study compared relative risk of autism spectrum disorder ( asd ) in children vaccinated with measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccine and unvaccinated children born in denmark between 1991 and 1998	NONE
193	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the debate whether the mmr vaccine is safe has been going on for years	NONE
29	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the blood mercury half life was calculated to be 3 7 days and returned to pre vaccination levels by day 30	NONE
194	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the controversies surrounding the mmr vaccines have long preceded the autism saga with many people being wary of the vaccine due to the side effects that are related to it	FAVOR
255	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	mmr vaccination is not likely to be a main cause of autism , and cannot explain the rise over time in the incidence of autism	AGAINST
230	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	results showed that more fevers and seizures did occur in children who had received the mmr vaccine , compared with children who had not received mmr vaccine	NONE
204	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	we also found no evidence that receipt of either one or two doses of mmr vaccination was associated with an increased risk of autism among children who had older siblings with autism	AGAINST
5	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	no convincing evidence was found to support an association between the vaccine preservative thimerosal and autism , nor for the use of chelation therapy in autism	AGAINST
56	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the research team , led by anjali jain of the lewin group , falls church , virginia , say that those families with a child already affected by autism may be less likely to have younger children vaccinated	NONE
136	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study concludes that the autistic children had an inappropriate or abnormal antibody response to mmr	FAVOR
158	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	we know that oxidative stress is triggered by heavy metals , like the ones contained in multiple vaccines	FAVOR
126	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the results suggest that vaccines may be linked to autism and encourages more in depth study before continually administering these vaccines	FAVOR
65	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	even so , short of arguing that mmr actually reduces the risk of asd in those who were immunised by age two years , the only conclusion that can be drawn from the study is that there is no signal to suggest a relationship between mmr and the development of autism in children with or without a sibling who has autism , he writes	AGAINST
142	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	it is well known that viral infections cause increased oxidative stress	NONE
85	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the researchers were investigating the theory that intestinal problems like crohn 's disease can result from viral infection and contribute to the development of autism who were vaccinated with mmr vaccine	FAVOR
223	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study of data on more than 1 , 000 children born between 1993 and 1997 looked at their vaccination schedules up to 1 year of age , and studied their performance 7 to 10 years later on 42 different neuropsychological outcomes	NONE
155	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	depletion of gsh which can be caused by thimerosal is commonly associated with autism	FAVOR
31	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	increased mercury levels were detected in stools after vaccination , suggesting that the gastrointestinal tract is involved in ethyl mercury elimination	NONE
12	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	for children diagnosed before a diagnosis of autism , the autism risk was lower in children who received mmr vaccine than in non vaccinated children in a study conducted in poland	AGAINST
35	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the california dds data do not show any recent decrease in autism in california despite the exclusion of more than trace levels of thimerosal from nearly all childhood vaccines	AGAINST
28	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	study assessed blood mercury levels of 216 healthy children prior to immunization with thimerosal containing vaccines , and 12 hours to 30 days after	NONE
42	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the mmr vaccine was first alleged to be a cause of autism in 1998 , when dr andrew wakefield , a british researcher , published a study in the lancet claiming that the 12 children with neurodevelopmental delays ( eight of whom had autism ) he examined had the measles virus in their guts	FAVOR
120	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	given that the scientific evidence appears to indicate that vaccine safety is not as firmly established as often believed , it would seem ill advised to exclude pediatric vaccinations as a possible cause of adverse long term neuro development outcomes , including those associated with autism	FAVOR
113	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the studies also show that children from countries with the highest asd appear to have a much higher exposure to aluminum from vaccines	FAVOR
22	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the data is not consistent with the hypothesis that increased exposure to thimerosal containing vaccines is responsible for the apparent increase in the rates of autism in young children being observed worldwide	FAVOR
182	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	in a recently published ruling , part of which was censored from public view , a young boy was awarded hundreds of thousands of dollars after it was determined that the mmr vaccine led to a confirmed diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder ( asd )	FAVOR
93	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	this concern has also been allayed by studies showing that children who received vaccines containing thimerosal were not at greater risk of autism than those who received the same vaccines without thimerosal	AGAINST
177	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	after a comprehensive review , the lancet retracted the article which claimed to have a found a link between mmr vaccine and autism , and concluded it was an elaborate fraud , involving falsified data	AGAINST
114	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study points out that several prominent milestones of brain development coincide with major vaccination periods for infants	FAVOR
51	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the repercussions continue , as us doctors attempt to bring in legislation to prevent parents opting out of vaccination for their children on the grounds of personal belief , while activists accuse scientists of being in the pockets of drug companies	NONE
112	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	they showed that the correlation between asd prevalence and the aluminum adjuvant exposure appears to be the highest at 3 for months of age	FAVOR
124	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	they determined that the higher the proportion of children receiving recommended vaccinations , the higher the prevalence of autism	FAVOR
95	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	in any case , thimerosal has been removed from all childhood vaccines except for some multi dose preparations of the flu vaccine , so it 's no longer a concern	NONE
150	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study conducted by massachusetts general hospital at the center for morphometric analysis by the department of pediatric neurology illustrates how autistic brains have a growth spurt shortly after birth and then slow in growth a few short years later	NONE
208	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	some 15 year ago , a small , now discredited study sparked concerns about a link between the mmr vaccine and autism	AGAINST
76	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	opponents claim that some of these studies might have flaws , but there are over a dozen epidemiological studies in different countries that use different techniques that have reached the same conclusion that mmr vaccine does not cause autism	AGAINST
41	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	these results add to the evidence that thimerosal containing vaccines do not increase the risk of autism	AGAINST
127	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the methodist neurological institute in houston has shown that asd is a disorder caused by a problem in brain development	NONE
159	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study conducted by the university of texas health science center by the department of family and community medicine determined that for each 1 , 000 I'm back of environmentally released mercury , there was a 43 increase in the rate of special education services and a 61 increase in the rate of autism	NONE
78	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	however , the opponents of the vaccine point out that epidemiology ca n't rule out an increased risk to a small number of children a vulnerable subset	FAVOR
154	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study outlines how many vaccines have been neurotoxic , especially to the developing brain	FAVOR
26	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	study compared early exposure to thimerosal containing vaccines to 42 neuropsychological outcomes in 1 , 047 children between the ages of 7 and 10 years	NONE
253	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	data suggest that mmr vaccination is not associated with an increased risk of pervasive developmental disorders	AGAINST
172	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study published in the journal neurochemical research determined that since excessive accumulation of extracellular glutamate is linked with excitotoxicity , data implies that neonatal exposure to thimerosal containing vaccines might induce ex ci to toxic brain injuries , leading to neurodevelopmental disorders	FAVOR
118	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	according to the fda , vaccines represent a special category of drugs as they are generally given to healthy individuals	NONE
197	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	more rare side effects usually are associated with certain allergies and these side effects are the ones that are really harmful to the body	NONE
144	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study published by the department of pharmaceutical sciences at northeastern university , boston determined that a novel growth factor signalling pathway that regulates methionine synthase ( ms ) activity and thereby modulates methylation reactions	NONE
0	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	based upon the current literature , it appears that there is no relationship between mmr vaccination and the development of autism	AGAINST
209	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	since then , a large and growing body of research has continued to find no association between mmr vaccine and autism	AGAINST
100	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	on february 1998 , andrew wakefield , a british gastroenterologist and his colleagues published a paper that supposedly linked autism to vaccines	FAVOR
233	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers looked for a change in trend in autism incidence or age at diagnosis associated with the introduction of measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccination to the united kingdom in 1988	NONE
183	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	while the court and the government at large openly admitted that the mmr vaccine caused ryan is encephalitis , it did not make public its opinion on whether or not that encephalitis led to ryan is other injuries , including those that fall into the category of autism spectrum disorder ( asd )	FAVOR
98	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the vaccine autism debate has been going on for years	NONE
36	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the data do not support the hypothesis that exposure to thimerosal during childhood is a primary cause of autism	AGAINST
61	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	controversy seems to follow autism like the tail on a kite , says an editorial in the journal by bryan h king of the university of washington and seattle children is hospital	NONE
170	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study published by the university determined that vaccinations may be one of the triggers for autism	FAVOR
146	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study expressed that if there is any link between autism and mercury , it is crucial that the first reports of the question are not falsely stating that no link occurs	NONE
11	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	this study provides strong evidence against association of autism with persistent measles virus rna in the gastrointestinal tract or with measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccine exposure	AGAINST
256	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	withdrawal of mmr in countries where it is still being used cannot be expected to lead to a reduction in the incidence of autism	AGAINST
221	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	research has been conducted on all of these topics , and the studies continue to find mmr vaccines to be a safe and effective way to prevent serious disease	AGAINST
27	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study does not support a causal association between early exposure to mercury from thimerosal containing vaccines and deficits in neuropsychological functioning at the age of 7 to 10 years	AGAINST
173	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the mmr vaccine does not cause autism	AGAINST
4	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the vaccine preservative thimerosal has alternatively been hypothesized to have a possible causal role in autism	FAVOR
122	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	they determined that one of those triggers for autism might be the battery of vaccinations that young children receive	FAVOR
32	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	because of the differing pharmacokinetics of ethyl and methyl mercury , exposure guidelines based on oral methyl mercury in adults may not be accurate for risk assessments in children who receive thimerosal containing vaccines	NONE
243	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	no evidence was found to support a distinct syndrome of mmr induced autism or of autistic entero colitis	AGAINST
186	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the government conceded that mmr vaccines led to emily is autism and other developmental problems	FAVOR
138	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the source of this virus could be a variant of mv , or it could be the mmr vaccine	FAVOR
62	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	since the 1950s , there have been disputes over what autism actually is and more recently there is the controversy over the rise in the number of children diagnosed with what is now classified as a spectrum disorder , he writes	NONE
135	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	their analysis showed a significant increase in the level of mmr antibodies in autistic children	FAVOR
128	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	they looked at b cells and their sensitivity levels to thimerosal , a commonly used additive in many vaccines	NONE
238	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the data provide evidence that no correlation exists between the prevalence of mmr vaccination and the rapid increase in the risk of autism over time	AGAINST
198	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	with regards to the mmr vaccine causing autism , there has been absolutely zero medical evidence that shows any correlation with the mmr vaccine and the increase in autism	AGAINST
70	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	in some areas of the uk , only 60 of children are receiving mmr	NONE
201	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	in the largest ever study of its kind , researchers again found that the measles mumps rubella ( mmr ) vaccine did not increase risk for autism spectrum disorder ( asd )	NONE
64	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the reluctance of some parents to vaccinate the younger siblings of children with the disorder could make it appear that there is less autism among children given the jab not more , he says	NONE
44	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	subsequent studies have failed to replicate dr wakefield 's results of linking mmr vaccine to autism and he is currently facing professional misconduct charges as a result of this study in front of the united kingdom 's general medical council	AGAINST
222	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	these studies do not show any link between autism and mmr vaccine	AGAINST
156	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	although thimerosal has been removed from most children is vaccines , it is still present in flu vaccines given to pregnant women , the elderly and to children in developing countries	NONE
40	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	for none of the autism outcomes was prenatal or early life receipt of thimerosal containing vaccines and immunoglobulins significantly greater among children with asd than among children without asd	AGAINST
123	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers found a positive and statistically significant relationship between autism and vaccinations	FAVOR
153	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study conducted by the department of paediatrics at the university of arkansas determined that thimerosal induced cytotoxicity was associated with the depletion of intracellular glutathione ( gsh ) in multiple cell lines	NONE
23	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the iom 's committee on immunization safety review was convened in the fall of 2000 to provide an independent review of increasingly prominent vaccine safety concerns	NONE
196	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	children could show light symptoms of measles or mumps	NONE
192	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the mmr vaccine is a constituent of weakened form of the measles , mumps and rubella viruses	NONE
81	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	since then , debate has raged over these claims of linking mmr vaccine to autism	NONE
39	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	another 752 children without autism , matched to the asd children by birth year , gender and managed care organization , were also studied	NONE
224	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	timely vaccination was associated with better performance on numerous outcomes	NONE
47	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the findings from the study of a cohort of around 95 , 000 children will not surprise most scientists , who have been reassuring parents of the jab is safety for 17 years , since the publication of now discredited research by the gastroenterologist andrew wakefield which originally linked mmr vaccine to autism	AGAINST
94	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	seven studies have now examined the relationship between thimerosal and autism and have concluded that thimerosal containing vaccines do not cause autism either	AGAINST
199	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	in fact , this whole controversy of mmr vaccine causing autism was borne out of a fraudulent paper that has since resulted in the doctor allegedly being stripped of his license to practice for producing a fictional piece of work	AGAINST
161	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study determined that in light of the biological plausibility of mercury is role in neuro development disorders , the present study provides further insight into one possible mechanism by which early mercury exposures could increase the risk of autism	FAVOR
43	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	serious ethical problems such as financial ties to trial lawyers and a skewed sample group brought the validity of the wakefield study which linked mmr vaccine to autism into question	AGAINST
145	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the potent inhibition of this pathway by ethanol , lead , mercury , aluminum and thimerosal suggests that it may be an important target of neurodevelopmental toxins	NONE
179	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	but just because things happen close together , it does t mean they reply connected	NONE
3	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	literature review found very few studies supporting an association between vaccines and autism , with the overwhelming majority showing no causal association between the measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccine and autism	AGAINST
105	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	mmr vaccine link to autism can become quite confusing a subject given that we have multiple medical studies contradicting each other	NONE
53	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	it sought to find out whether children who had older siblings with autism and therefore were at higher risk than most , were more likely to develop an autistic spectrum disorder themselves after having the mmr jab	NONE
133	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers discovered that because many autistic children harbor elevated levels of measles antibodies , they should conduct a serological study of measles mumps rubella ( mmr ) and myelin basic protein ( mbp ) autoantibodies	FAVOR
239	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	results provide further evidence against a causal association between mmr vaccination and autism	AGAINST
248	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	study of 535 , 544 one to seven year old children who were vaccinated between november 1982 and june 1986 in finland does not support an association between measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccination and encephalitis , aseptic meningitis or autism	AGAINST
244	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	these results add to the largescale epidemiologic studies that all failed to support an association between mmr and autism at population level	AGAINST
49	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	as a result there have been avoidable measles outbreaks , including one in the us last year , which began in disneyland in california in december and led to school closures and quarantine measures	NONE
163	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	based upon differential diagnoses , 8 of 9 patients examined were exposed to significant mercury from thimerosal containing vaccine preparations during their fetal infant developmental periods	FAVOR
80	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	firstly , these children seemed to have a novel bowel disease that was unique to children with autism and in 2002 wakefield , working with virologist prof john o'leary , claimed to have found the measles virus inside tissue samples from autistic children	FAVOR
34	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	even though thimerosal was absent from scheduled childhood vaccines after 2002 , cases of autism continued to climb quarter by quarter	AGAINST
215	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the difference in autism prevalence between children with or without an older sibling affected by autism is consistent with earlier studies	NONE
7	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	in a study of 904 patients with autism spectrum disorders ( asd ) , it was found that during the period of measles , mumps and rubella vaccine ( mmr ) usage , no significant difference was found in the incidence of regression between mmr vaccinated children and non vaccinated children	AGAINST
171	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers discovered that substantial data demonstrates immune abnormality in many autistic children consistent with impaired resistance to infection caused due to vaccine	FAVOR
220	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	over the past decade , questions have been raised regarding a relationship between autism and mmr vaccines	NONE
110	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study has shown that giving the hepatitis b vaccine to newborn baby boys could triple the risk of developing an autism spectrum disorder compared to boys who were not vaccinated as neonates	FAVOR
91	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	it does n't make sense that a vaccine would cause a condition that the disease itself does n't cause , since a vaccine is essentially a symptomless infection	AGAINST
83	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	there 's clear evidence that the mmr ( measles , mumps , rubella ) vaccine does not cause autism	AGAINST
234	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	there was a steady increase in autism cases by year of birth with no sudden step up or change in the trend line after the introduction of mmr vaccination	AGAINST
240	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	scientists looked for correlation between increases in the rate of autism diagnoses and increases in the rate of measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccination in children born between 1980 and 1994	NONE
89	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	most experts now think autism may be at least partly genetic and point out that there 's no plausible way for a vaccine to trigger it	AGAINST
8	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	among the proportion and incidence of regression across the three mmr program related periods ( before , during and after mmr usage ) , no significant difference was found between those who had received mmr and those who had not	AGAINST
13	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study provides evidence against the association of autism with either mmr or a single measles vaccine	AGAINST
59	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	following up the children in the study , funded by us government institutions , the team found that 994 had been diagnosed with autism , with a higher proportion ( 6 9 ) in the high risk group with older siblings with asd than among the majority ( 0 9 )	NONE
226	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	for parents who are concerned that children receive too many vaccines too soon , these data may provide reassurance that timely vaccination during infancy has no adverse effect on long term neuropsychological outcomes	AGAINST
131	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the fact that asd patients b cells exhibit hypersensitivity to thimerosal tells us something	FAVOR
17	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the results do not support a causal relationship between childhood vaccination with thimerosal containing vaccines and development of autistic spectrum disorders	AGAINST
166	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study published by the us national library of medicine conducted by the university of texas health science center suspected that persistent low dose exposures to various environmental toxicants including mercury , that occur during critical windows of neural development among genetically susceptible children , may increase the risk for developmental disorders such as autism	NONE
72	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the reason for all the concern over mmr is the suggestion that the vaccine might in fact be damaging some of the children it was supposed to protect by causing autism	NONE
231	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers traced subjects who developed gastrointestinal symptoms or signs lasting 24 hours or more at any time after mmr vaccination ( apart from within the first hour )	NONE
134	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	they used serum samples of 125 autistic children and 92 controlled children	NONE
213	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	studies have now shown that the severity or course of autism does not differ between vaccinated and unvaccinated children	AGAINST
242	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	study compared 96 children with a pervasive developmental disorder ( pdd ) born between 1992 and 1995 and who had received the measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccine , to pdd patients who did not receive mmr	NONE
63	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	each new prevalence estimate amplifies the urgency to better understand causation	NONE
54	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	they found no association between the mmr vaccine jab and autism , even among the high risk children , and regardless of whether they had just the first shot , under the age of two , or the booster as well at around the age of five	AGAINST
107	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	it is known that vaccine manufacturers suppress harmful data regarding their product , as mentioned and illustrated earlier in the article	FAVOR
50	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	in all , 159 children were diagnosed with measles across 18 states	NONE
216	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the safety and effectiveness of mmr vaccines are under constant study	NONE
174	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a number of very large scientific studies involving thousands of children have found no link between vaccines and autism	AGAINST
217	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	because mmr vaccines are designed to be given routinely during well child care visits , they must be extraordinarily safe	NONE
189	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	measles , mumps and rubella vaccine , or mmr vaccine for short , is administered to all children in singapore to prevent them from contracting any of these very painful diseases	NONE
14	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	on feb 12 , 2009 , the vaccine court ruled in three test cases on the theory that mmr vaccine and the vaccine preservative thimerosal are linked to autism	NONE
207	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	however , this might also be because parents who see early signs of autism were more likely to delay or avoid mmr vaccination , the authors speculate	NONE
232	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	over a decade is effort to detect all severe adverse events associated with mmr vaccine could find no data supporting the hypothesis that it would cause pervasive developmental disorder or inflammatory bowel disease	AGAINST
219	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the american academy of pediatrics ( aap ) works closely with the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) to make recommendations for mmr vaccine use	NONE
169	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study by kinki university in osaka , japan determined that in combination with the brain pathology observed in patients diagnosed with autism , the present study helps to support the possible biological plausibility for how low dose exposure to mercury from thimerosal containing vaccines may be associated with autism	FAVOR
58	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	surveys of parents who have children with asd suggest that many believe the mmr vaccine was a contributing cause to autism	FAVOR
218	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	safety testing begins as soon as a new vaccine is contemplated , continues until it is approved by the fda , and is monitored indefinitely after license	NONE
48	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	but the belief that autism and vaccinations are linked continues to cause many parents to decide against having their children immunised	FAVOR
88	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	numerous reputable scientific studies involving hundreds of thousands of children have found no link between the mmr vaccine and autism	AGAINST
21	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the data do not support a correlation between thimerosal containing vaccines and the incidence of autism	AGAINST
57	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	families with a child affected by asd may be particularly concerned about reports linking mmr and asd , despite the lack of evidence , they write	AGAINST
203	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	consistent with studies in other populations , we observed no association between mmr vaccination and increased autism risk , the authors write	AGAINST
160	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers emphasized that further research was needed regarding the association between environmentally released mercury and developmental disorders such as autism	NONE
254	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccination rate in yokohama declined significantly in the birth cohorts of years 1988 92 , and no mmr vaccines were administered in 1993 or thereafter	NONE
187	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	these two cases , combined with numerous published studies out of the you is , south america , and europe , prove that the mmr vaccine is not the harmless vaccine that the conventional medical industry claims it is	FAVOR
191	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	essentially , the way a vaccine works is an injection of the weakened form of the virus , which stimulates the body to form memory cells that would result in a faster response if subjected to the same antigen	NONE
129	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	they determined that asd patients have a heightened sensitivity to thimerosal which would restrict cell proliferation that is typically found after vaccination	FAVOR
37	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers reviewed managed care organization records and conducted interviews with the parents of 256 children who were verified to have asd according to a standardized personal evaluation	NONE
157	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study published in the public library of science ( Parents Looking Over Shoulder ) determined that elevation in peripheral oxidative stress is consistent with , and may contribute to more severe functional impairments in the asd group	FAVOR
235	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	there was no temporal association between onset of autism within 1 or too years after vaccination with mmr	AGAINST
247	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	data provide no support for an mmr associated new variant form of autism with developmental regression and bowel problems , and further evidence against involvement of mmr vaccine in the initiation of autism	AGAINST
1	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	there is no evidence that onset of autistic symptoms or of regression was related to measles , mumps and rubella vaccination	AGAINST
52	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the study is published in the journal of the american medical association ( jama )	NONE
149	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers determined that children who have mitochondrial related dysfunctional cellular energy metabolism might be more prone to undergo autistic regression between 18 and 30 months of age if they also have infections or immunizations at the same time	FAVOR
130	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the research shows that individuals who have this hypersensitivity to thimerosal could make them highly susceptible to toxins like thimerosal , and that individuals with a mild mitochondrial defect may be affected by thimerosal	FAVOR
151	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	researchers have determined that neuro inflammation appears to be present in autistic brain tissue from childhood through adulthood	NONE
103	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	wakefield has been labelled a fraud by the mainstream medical world , some experts claim that his research on linking mmr vaccine to autism and methods are weak and based on very little evidence	AGAINST
99	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	it has been a tale of shifting beliefs as child vaccination rates remain high	NONE
116	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	furthermore , major developmental transition in many bio behavioral symptoms such as sleep , temperature regulation , respiration and brain wave patterns , all of which are regulated by the neuroendocrine network	NONE
87	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	since then , many other studies have compared the incidence of autism in children who received the mmr vaccine and those who did n't , and have concluded that autism is not more common in vaccinated children	AGAINST
202	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	there is no risk of mmr vaccine causing autism even among children already considered at high risk for this disorder	AGAINST
74	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the medical community has relied mainly on epidemiology the statistical study of large populations	NONE
214	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the risk of autism recurrence in families does not differ between vaccinated and unvaccinated children	AGAINST
210	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	still , the continuing uncertainty around what does cause autism has left some people worried	NONE
121	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	a study shows how researchers suspect one or more environmental triggers are needed to develop autism , regardless of whether individuals have a genetic predisposition or not	NONE
258	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the committee rejected a causal relationship between the mmr vaccine and autism as well as a causal relationship between thimerosal containing vaccines and autism	AGAINST
20	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	the discontinuation of thimerosal containing vaccines in denmark in 1992 was followed by an increase in the incidence of autism	AGAINST
188	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	in fact , everything that dr wakefield found back in the late 1990s concerning the mmr vaccine causing autism are proving to be undeniably true	FAVOR
71	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	this decline has already let to a rise in the number of measles infections , and there are fears of an epidemic outbreak	NONE
106	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	was dr wakefield exposing something that the medical industry did not want you to know ?	FAVOR
102	Does MMR Vaccine lead to autism in children?	his work was unpublished , and he lost his medical license despite the fact multiple studies seem to support andrew wakefield is work	FAVOR
