7	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	as of 2015 , the short and long term effects from using e cigarettes remain unclear	NONE
198	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	researchers found that 75 of tested e cigarette samples contained diacetyl , which when inhaled has been linked to the respiratory disease bronchiolitis obliterans	AGAINST
19	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	since e cigarettes are intended to be used repeatedly , they can conveniently be used for an extended period of time , which may contribute to increased adverse effects	AGAINST
175	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the authors of a letter in this week is nejm project that the associated incremental lifetime risk of cancer could be higher than that from long term smoking	AGAINST
366	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	since they landed on the market in 2004 , e cigarettes have been dogged by controversy	NONE
337	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	because some research has suggested that the levels of most toxicants in vapor are lower than the levels in smoke , e cigarettes have been deemed to be safer than regular cigarettes	FAVOR
304	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	again , however , there are no long term epidemiological or observational data in actual humans using e cigarettes	FAVOR
193	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes also contain ' cancer causing chemicals such as formaldehyde	AGAINST
168	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	non daily use of e cigarettes while smoking does not appear to be associated with cessation attempts , cessation or reduced smoking	NONE
109	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	when used at low voltage , e cigarettes did not create any formaldehyde releasing agents , the researchers found	NONE
373	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the safety of electronic cigarettes is uncertain	AGAINST
196	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	unlike traditional cigarettes , the devices are not regulated by us authorities , leading to concern among some experts that they may be harmful to health	AGAINST
148	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the findings showed that the formaldehyde releasing agents were not present at low voltages , but high voltage use released a dangerous amount of these agents	AGAINST
157	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	now a new study suggests that e cigarettes may pose significant harm to va per s , having found that more than 75 percent of the e cigarette varieties tested contained diacetyl a flavouring chemical that 's previously been linked to the severe respiratory disease , bronchiolitis obliterans	AGAINST
83	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	concerns exist that e cigarette user exposure to toxic levels of nicotine may be harmful	AGAINST
355	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	but now a new study suggests that the healthier electronic cigarette alternative may not be as harmless for you after all	AGAINST
155	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in 45 of 50 states , e cigarette use is not strictly outlawed at smoke free venues , but in many areas there is a movement to change that	NONE
74	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a 2014 review found higher levels of carcinogens and toxins than in an fda approved nicotine inhaler , suggesting that fda approved devices may deliver nicotine more safely	FAVOR
250	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	about 67 percent of the 128 physicians surveyed indicated e cigarettes are a helpful aid for smoking cessation , 65 percent believe e cigarettes represent a lower risk of cancer than traditional cigarettes , and 35 percent recommended them to their patients	FAVOR
119	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	it is not enough that regular cigarettes pose various health risks , but it looks like e cigarettes may also raise some significant health concerns , according to a new study	AGAINST
208	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	since their introduction to the you is market in 2007 , e cigarettes have prompted debate as to their risk in general and relative to cigarettes	AGAINST
218	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	cigarette smoke contains 1014 free radicals per puff	NONE
152	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the number of teens and teens using e cigarettes has grown dramatically , with some now calling it the gateway drug of choice that leads to more addictive behavior	AGAINST
176	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	research suggests that v aping may not be as safe as smokers think ,	AGAINST
340	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	and many health experts believe that because so little research has been done on e cigarettes , they may pose unknown risks	AGAINST
318	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes also make it a lot easier for current smokers to stop smoking , as it provides a similar experience to smoking	FAVOR
36	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	better product design and standards could probably be reduce the risks	NONE
139	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	researchers found that e cigarettes produce high levels of highly reactive harmful free radicals that fall in the range of 1 , 000 to 100 times less than levels in regular cigarettes	AGAINST
302	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a recent review concluded that the vapors are likely safe , but did so based on primarily on a review of chemical analysis of e cigarette vapor	FAVOR
364	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a previous study suggests when an e cigarette voltage is increased from 3 2v to for 8v it produces almost as much formaldehyde as a regular cigarette , and formaldehyde is a carcinogenic substance	AGAINST
210	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes contain less nicotine than cigarettes , but actual nicotine intake by e cigarette users can approximate that of cigarette smokers	AGAINST
211	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	previous analysis of e cigarette vapor have identified chemicals that could be toxic or carcinogenic , including particulates , formaldehyde , and volatile organic compounds , but at lower levels than cigarette smoke	FAVOR
59	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	leaked nicotine is a poisoning hazard for the user of electronic cigarettes , as well as others around them , particularly children	AGAINST
111	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes are electronic devices that are thought to be less harmful to smokers than regular cigarettes	FAVOR
177	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	study of mice finds that e cigarettes generate free radical toxins and may harm the lungs and immune system	AGAINST
331	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	electronic or e cigarettes , increasingly popular in recent years , are plastic or metal tubes slightly larger than traditional cigarettes	NONE
6	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a 2013 review found , from limited data that safety risk of e cigarettes is similar to that of smokeless tobacco	AGAINST
298	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	particularly lacking are long term studies of e cigarette use , obviously because they have only been on the market for less than a decade and only skyrocketed in popularity beginning around five years ago	NONE
284	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	however , a team of american researchers reported later that e cigarettes cannot help stop smoking , on the other hand , can turn youngsters into dual smokers , making them smoke more nicotine	NONE
158	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a study released the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) found that about 21 of adults who smoke traditional cigarettes had used e cigarettes in 2011 , compared with about 10 percent in 2010	NONE
150	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	as our study shows , e cigarettes contain flavoring chemicals that can cause lung damage	AGAINST
10	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the adverse effects of e cigarettes on people with cancer is unknown	NONE
246	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	while some argue that vapor offers health advantages over traditional cigarette smoke , regulatory agencies and some health experts are n't so sure that 's true	AGAINST
103	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the uk action on smoking and health found that in 2015 , compared to the year before , there has been a growing false belief that electronic cigarettes could be as harmful as smoking	AGAINST
81	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there are safety issues with the nicotine exposure from e cigarettes , which may cause addiction and other adverse effects	AGAINST
220	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	sales of electronic cigarettes have risen dramatically in recent years	NONE
393	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the 2015 public health england report looking at the research concluded that by applying maximum power and increasing the time the device is used on a puffing machine , e liquids can thermally degrade and produce high levels of formaldehyde , a carcinogenic substance	AGAINST
167	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	daily use of e cigarettes while smoking appears to be associated with subsequent increases in rates of attempting to stop smoking and reducing smoking , but not with smoking cessation	NONE
387	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is a small risk of battery explosion in e cigarette devices modified to increase battery power	AGAINST
222	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the food and drug administration is expected to propose regulations for e cigarettes by the end of this month	NONE
228	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	that difference is crucial for smokers contemplating a switch to v aping , because it means they can avoid the myriad toxins and carcinogens generated by tobacco combustion , thereby dramatically reducing the health hazards they face	FAVOR
180	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	study shows , e cigarettes wo n't help you quit smoking	NONE
283	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a group of experts attending the e cigarette summit at the royal society in london , last month claimed that switching from traditional to electronic cigarettes could help reduce smoking related deaths across the world	FAVOR
89	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the e cigarette device itself could contribute to the toxicity from the tiny amounts of silicate and heavy metals found in the liquid and vapor , because they have a metal parts that come in contact with the e liquid	AGAINST
351	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	while the health consequences of long term e cigarette use are still unknown , evidence to date suggests there are few if any health consequences	FAVOR
163	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a harvard study claiming most e cigarette brands expose users to harmful chemicals omits critical information and exaggerates the risks of flavored e cigarettes , according to tobacco control experts	FAVOR
147	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	earlier this year , the research showed that e cigarette users were anywhere between five and 15 times more likely to contract formaldehyde related cancer than regular cigarette smokers	AGAINST
245	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	many are similar enough in appearance to be mistaken for regular tobacco cigarettes	NONE
92	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a 2014 review stated that there are concerns about pregnant women exposure to e cigarette vapor through direct use or via exhaled vapor	AGAINST
69	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in october 2012 , the world medical association stated , manufacturers and marketers of e cigarettes often claim that use of their products is a safe alternative to smoking , particularly since they do not produce carcinogenic smoke	FAVOR
123	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the study says that while diacetyl is safe when ingested as a component of foods and spirits , it can be hazardous when inhaled over an extended period , according to the united states national institute of occupational safety and health	AGAINST
96	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	prenatal exposure has been associated with obesity , diabetes , high cholesterol and high blood pressure in minors	AGAINST
143	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	diacetyl , a flavoring chemical linked to cases of severe respiratory disease , was found in more than 75 percent of flavored electronic cigarettes and refill liquids tested by researchers at harvard	AGAINST
314	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	what studies the fda has done have focused on limited lab studies of certain sample products on which they found significant quality control issues in the way these items are manufactured	AGAINST
97	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	as of 2015 , the long term issues of e cigarettes on both mother and unborn baby are unknown	AGAINST
248	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes are battery powered devices that heat a liquid nicotine solution in a disposable cartridge and create a vapor that is inhaled	NONE
68	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is no long term research concerning the cancer risk related to the small level of exposure to the identified carcinogens that may be in e cigarette vapor	NONE
23	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	choking on e cigarette components is also a potential hazard	AGAINST
37	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	some batteries are not well designed , are made with poor quality components , or have defects	NONE
144	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there are currently more than 7 , 000 varieties of flavored e cigarettes and e juice ( nicotine containing liquid that is used in refillable devices ) on the market	NONE
122	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	inhaling vapors of diacetyl , a chemical that is used to flavor e cigarette products such as cotton candy and many others , may lead to a respiratory disease called bronchiolitis obliterans	AGAINST
335	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in fact , some e cigarettes contain nicotine levels comparable to those in regular cigarettes	AGAINST
182	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes , hookahs and cigars are safe alternatives	FAVOR
67	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	concerns about the carcinogenicity of e cigarettes arise from both nicotine and from other chemicals that may be in the vapor	AGAINST
305	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	given that e cigarettes are being touted as a replacement for smoking and thus presumably for long term use rather than short term use as a tool to quit smoking , this is a rather glaring problem	AGAINST
371	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the fda does not currently regulate e cigarettes	NONE
229	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is no serious scientific dispute on this point , although people who should know better often pretend otherwise	NONE
234	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarette alarmists like to cite cdc survey data indicating that e cigarette use among students doubled in the last year , as 40 state attorneys general noted last month in a letter to the fda	NONE
365	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	researchers tested 51 e cigarette flavorings and found chemicals linked to lung disease in 47 of them	AGAINST
209	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes , which at their simplest consist of a battery , an atomizer and a cartridge , produce a vapor that is inhaled and then exhaled by the user	NONE
125	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	greek researchers found last year in a different study that diacetyl is found in 70 of european e cigarette brands	AGAINST
146	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes are not currently regulated , although the you is food and drug administration ( fda ) has issued a proposed rule to include e cigarettes under its authority to regulate certain tobacco and nicotine containing products	NONE
253	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a study in the journal addiction , published in june , found that the vapor used in e cigarettes can contain some of the toxicants present in tobacco smoke , but at levels which are much lower	FAVOR
86	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the levels were above that of nicotine replacement product users	NONE
347	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the report said , some studies have found that bystanders absorb more nicotine from vapor than from tobacco smoke	AGAINST
219	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	though e cigarette vapor contains far fewer free radicals than cigarette smoke 1 percent as much their presence in e cigarettes still suggests potential health risks that merit further study , the researchers say	FAVOR
411	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	scientific studies advocate caution before designating e cigarettes as beneficial but va per s continue to believe they are beneficial	FAVOR
227	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	but the tobacco product label does not really fit either , because e cigarettes do not contain any tobacco , delivering nicotine in a propylene glycol vapor instead of burning dried vegetable matter	NONE
268	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	many people are using e cigarettes to help stop smoking , but the devices have not yet been regulated in the same way as products like nicotine patches	NONE
386	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarette battery explosions are caused by an increase in internal battery temperature and some have resulted in severe skin burns	AGAINST
183	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	all tobacco products , including e cigarettes and hookahs , have nicotine , whose highly addictive properties make these products harmful	NONE
289	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	not all e cigarettes use propylene glycol as the vaporizing agent ( for example , blue e cigarettes use vegetable glycerin instead ) , although many do , along with flavors designed to make the vapor more pleasant and attractive , such as menthol , vanilla , cherry , coffee bean , chocolate , apple , and , yes , various kinds of tobacco	NONE
391	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	normal usage of e cigarettes generates very low levels of formaldehyde , a substance believed to be carcinogenic	FAVOR
225	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	after that effort was blocked by a federal judge and an appeals court , the agency announced that it would instead regulate e cigarettes as tobacco products	NONE
299	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	most e cigarette surveys have reported successful reduction in smoking and benign side effects , such as dry mouth , throat irritation , dry cough , vertigo , headache , and nausea	FAVOR
129	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	va per s could be at risk of developing the deadly disease popcorn lung after scientists found a toxic chemical in 75 per cent of flavored electronic cigarettes	AGAINST
38	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	rare major injuries have occurred from battery explosions and fires	NONE
11	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a 2014 cochrane review found no serious adverse effects from e cigarette have been reported in trials	FAVOR
327	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	many scientists , such as those working with public health england , therefore think the risks are likely to be low and certainly much lower than with normal cigarettes	FAVOR
185	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	unlike cigarette smoke , nearly all of the nicotine is absorbed in v aping	NONE
239	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	smoking cigarettes is known to cause damage to every organ in your body , and smoking related illnesses are responsible for one out of every five deaths in the you is	NONE
112	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	although studies show only 15 of american is regularly smoke , the emergence of e cigarettes and v aping has taken the smoking industry by storm	NONE
179	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	formaldehyde is a known to cause coughing , wheezing , irritation , and cancer	AGAINST
320	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	electronic cigarette use is growing at a significant rate globally , particularly among young people major tobacco companies now own and promote major electronic cigarette brands	NONE
278	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the build up of fatty deposits in the artery wall reduces blood flow , causing blood clots , heart failure , strokes , high blood pressure , renal failure , leg pains and aneurysm ( swelling of blood vessels )	NONE
338	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	some public health experts have welcomed e cigarettes as a way to prevent young people from starting to smoke traditional tobacco cigarettes and to help longtime smokers give up the habit entirely	FAVOR
117	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is no conclusive evidence to support that v aping can be any more effective at helping a traditional smoker quit than traditional nicotine replacement therapies such as patches and gums	NONE
380	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the long term effects of e cigarette use are unknown	NONE
286	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in a relatively short period of times , selling e cigarettes has become big business	NONE
397	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	while they are likely less harmful than tobacco cigarettes , e cigarettes cannot be regarded as harmless	FAVOR
297	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there really is a dearth of evidence one way or the other regarding the safety of e cigarettes	AGAINST
233	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	boston university public health professor michael siegel , who supports v aping as a harm reducing alternative to smoking , notes that we actually have a much better idea what is in electronic cigarette vapor than what is in tobacco smoke	FAVOR
374	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is little data about their health effects , and considerable variability between vaporizers and in quality of their liquid ingredients and thus the contents of the aerosol delivered to the user	NONE
311	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	making definitive statements about the safety or efficacy of e cigarettes is not an evidence based stance	AGAINST
164	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the harvard school of public health study found that flavoring chemicals used in v aping products can result in cases of lymphocytic bronchiolitis , also known as popcorn lung , an irreversible condition previously identified in workers at microwave popcorn plants	AGAINST
262	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	dr michael katz said the fda should regulate e cigarettes as a drug delivery device , and that e cigarettes should not be allowed to be used in public places where traditional cigarettes has been banned	NONE
136	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	while e cigarette vapor does not contain many of the toxic substances that are known to be present in cigarette smoke , it 's still important for us to figure out and to minimize the potential dangers that are associated with e cigarettes	FAVOR
154	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the increased risk of popcorn lung could add to the debate over e cigarettes and restriction of their use	AGAINST
199	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the condition is sometimes called popcorn lung because over ten years ago it was discovered in workers who inhaled artificial butter flavor in microwave popcorn processing facilities	NONE
197	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there are also concerns that their candy and fruit flavors may appeal to youths and put them at risk of addiction	NONE
405	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	health canada has stated that , their safety , quality , and efficacy remain unknown	NONE
2	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the canadian cancer society has stated that , a few studies have shown that there may be low levels of harmful substances in some e cigarettes , even if they denial of normal t have nicotine	AGAINST
232	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	even the us centers for disease control and prevention , which recently cited increased consumption of e cigarettes while urging the fda to regulate them , concedes that e cigarettes appear to have far fewer of the toxins found in smoke compared to traditional cigarettes	FAVOR
204	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the perception that e cigarettes pose little health risk is so entrenched that some smokers are switching from cigarettes to e cigarettes	FAVOR
115	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	studies showed the formaldehyde levels can ultimately cause a cancer , commonly referred to as popcorn lung	AGAINST
384	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes use poses serious threats to adolescents and fetuses	AGAINST
255	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	long term health effects of e cigarettes are unknown , but compared with cigarettes , they are likely to be much less , if at all , harmful to users or bystanders , the researchers said in the study in addiction	FAVOR
26	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	poison center calls in the us related to e cigarettes was one call per month in september 2010 to over 200 calls per month in february 2014	AGAINST
120	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	harvard researchers have looked closely at some of the other chemicals found in e cigarette liquids and have connected one of them to a deadly lung disease	AGAINST
317	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	they get rid of the 4000 other carcinogenic chemicals included in every traditional cigarette	FAVOR
224	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a few years ago , ignoring that danger , the fda sought to ban e cigarettes as approved pharmaceutical products	NONE
333	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes work by heating a nicotine containing liquid to create a vapor that users inhale	NONE
388	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the e liquid in e cigarette has a low level of toxicity , and contamination with various chemicals has been identified in the product	AGAINST
127	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	but the world health organization , the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine and the university of liverpool are concerned about the safety of e cigarettes	NONE
341	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	new research reported in the new england journal of medicine on jan 22 indicates that vapor produced by electronic cigarettes can contain a surprisingly high concentration of formaldehyde , a known carcinogen to which long term exposure is a recognized cause of lung cancer !	AGAINST
107	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	researchers found that e cigarettes operated at high voltages produce vapor with large amounts of formaldehyde containing chemical compounds	NONE
307	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	despite all the uncertainty , on the one side we see anti tobacco activists proclaiming e cigarettes to be potentially harmful and gateway drugs to children leading to the use of real tobacco ,	AGAINST
133	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the battery operated e cigarette devices have been marketed as an alternative to traditional cigarettes	NONE
301	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	although short term studies of e cigarettes appear not to have found any evidence of significant harms , there are currently no solid long term data regarding the effects of inhaling the vapors produced by e cigarettes	FAVOR
44	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in january 2015 the you is federal aviation administration issued a safety alert to air carriers that e cigarettes should not be allowed in checked baggage after a review of fire safety issues , including two fires caused by e cigarettes in checked baggage	AGAINST
379	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a 2014 systematic review concluded that the risks of e cigarettes have been exaggerated by health authorities and stated that while there may be some remaining risk , the risk of e cigarette use is likely small compared to smoking tobacco	FAVOR
65	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the uk national health service noted that the toxic chemicals found by the fda in e cigarettes were at levels one thousandth that of cigarette smoke , and that while there is no certainty that these small traces are harmless , initial test results are reassuring	FAVOR
85	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes provide nicotine to the blood quicker than nicotine inhalers	NONE
242	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	electronic cigarettes ( known also as e cigarettes ) have also contributed	NONE
186	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	dr joel nitz kin , chair of the tobacco control task force for the american association of public health physicians , believes the hazards posed by e cigarettes would be much lower than one percent of that posed by smoking tobacco cigarettes	FAVOR
159	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in both 2010 and 2011 , e cigarette use was significantly higher among current smokers compared to both former and never smokers	NONE
12	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the most frequently reported less harmful effects of v aping compared to smoking were reduced shortness of breath , reduced cough , reduced spitting , and reduced sore throat	FAVOR
35	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	it has been recommended that manufacturing quality standards be imposed in order to prevent such accidents	NONE
28	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a causal relationship between e cigarettes and the reported adverse effects was not established with the exception of two severe outcomes in the united states a death when an infant choked on the cartridges and burns when one blew up	AGAINST
170	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a norwegian cohort of 51 , 210 people followed from the 1970s until 2003 found no evidence that smokers who cut down their daily cigarette consumption by 50 reduce their risk of premature death significantly	NONE
142	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes are potentially harmful	AGAINST
329	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is a lack of definitive evidence regarding safety of e cigarettes	AGAINST
281	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	data suggest that long term consumption of nicotine by e cigarette smoking is likely to increase the risk of developing atherosclerosis by stimulating invasion of vascular smooth muscle cells	AGAINST
221	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	whether you see that development as an opportunity or a threat depends on whether you view the matter rationally or through a fog of prejudice that makes anything resembling a cigarette look sinister , regardless of the risks it actually poses	NONE
95	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarette are assumed to be dangerous to the fetus during pregnancy if e cigarettes are used by the mother	AGAINST
51	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a lot of the cartridges and the bottles of liquid are not child resistant , and children may be attracted to the flavored liquids	NONE
240	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	but nearly 70 percent of smokers report they want to quit , and a little more than 42 percent say they 've tried to quit during the past year	NONE
382	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	less serious adverse effects from e cigarette use include throat and mouth inflammation , vomiting , nausea , and cough	FAVOR
361	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	however , research by roswell park cancer institute in buffalo , ny , suggests the way particles are broken down in e cigarettes may irritate lung tissue and cause disease	AGAINST
178	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	some e cigarettes found to contain up to 15 times the formaldehyde as combustible cigarettes	AGAINST
41	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the united states fire administration said that 25 fires and explosions were caused by e cigarettes between 2009 and 2015	AGAINST
321	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in 2015 , public health england estimated v aping to be about 95 safer than smoking	FAVOR
206	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	researchers have observed that e cigarettes increase the susceptibility to respiratory infections in the mouse models	AGAINST
282	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	safety and risks associated with the e cigarettes were always a topic of discussion since it was first launched in the chinese markets in 2004	NONE
254	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	are j reynolds vapor co is sponsoring a study to determine what potential risks there are in the vapor smoke emitted from an e cigarette compared with a combustible cigarette	NONE
342	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	david peyton , a chemistry professor at portland state university who helped conduct the research , says that the type of formaldehyde generated by e cigarettes could increase the likelihood it would get deposited in the lung , leading to lung cancer	AGAINST
4	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	generally , some users are concerned about the possible adverse health effects or toxicity of e cigarettes	NONE
256	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the researchers said that although e cigarette use is increasing , to date , there is no evidence of regular use by never smokers or by non smoking children	NONE
369	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	use of e cigarettes among teens tripled from 2013 to 2014	NONE
100	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the belief that e cigarettes are safer than traditional cigarettes could increase their use for pregnant women	AGAINST
226	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	that approach was blessed by the courts , which noted that the nicotine in e cigarettes is derived from tobacco	NONE
352	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes do not contain many of the chemicals in regular cigarettes associated with lung cancer and emphysema	FAVOR
213	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the you is food and drug administration last spring announced that it was going to begin regulating e cigarettes	NONE
171	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	va per s who keep on smoking which is most of them are fooling themselves if they think they are seriously reducing risk	AGAINST
98	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there are concerns about the health impacts of pediatric exposure to second hand and third hand e cigarette vapor	AGAINST
292	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	as a result , the fda plans to propose draft regulations for e cigarettes this fall and put them out for public comment	NONE
215	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	and , according to the you is centers for disease control and prevention , more than one quarter million teenagers who reported never having smoked a cigarette reported using e cigarettes in 2013	NONE
61	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the long term health impacts of the main chemicals nicotine and propylene glycol in the aerosol are not fully understood	NONE
47	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in flight use of e cigarettes is also prohibited in the you is	NONE
32	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in the united states the number of calls to poison control centers related to electronic cigarettes have increased between 2010 and 2014 , such that they now represent 42 of reported cases due to either cigarettes and e cigarettes up from 0 3	AGAINST
267	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	scientific evidence that e cigarettes can help people quit smoking has only recently started to appear	NONE
200	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	smoking e cigarettes have been found to cause popcorn lung	AGAINST
367	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	fans claim they are far less toxic than regular cigarettes and might even help tobacco smokers quit	FAVOR
27	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the us food and drug administration center for tobacco products reported between 2008 and the beginning of 2012 , 47 cases of adverse effects associated with e cigarettes , of which eight were considered serious	AGAINST
323	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarette vapor might contain traces of cancer causing chemicals like formaldehyde or toxic metals like nickel	AGAINST
230	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	for instance , maria a zz are lli , coordinator of the southern nevada health district is tobacco control program , recently told the las vegas sun that no one can say right now whether e cigarettes are a healthier alternative to cigarettes	AGAINST
260	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a longitudinal , international study found that , although 85 percent of smokers who used e cigarettes reported using them to quit , e cigarette users did not quit more frequently than nonusers , researchers said	NONE
288	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the chemical mixture vaporized is typically composed of nicotine , propylene glycol , and other chemicals	NONE
162	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	although e cigarettes appear to have far fewer of the toxins found in smoke compared with traditional cigarettes , the impact of e cigarettes on long term health must be studied	FAVOR
350	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the study heaps praise on e cigarettes with the chief executive of the r sph , shirley cramer commenting getting people on to nicotine rather than using tobacco would make a big difference to the public is health	FAVOR
138	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	instead of smoke , e cigarettes produce aerosols , tiny liquid particles suspended in a puff of air	NONE
62	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is limited peer reviewed data about the toxicity of e cigarettes for a complete toxicological evaluation , or one of their cytotoxicity	NONE
135	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there 's a perception that e cigarettes are healthier than regular cigarettes , or at least not as harmful as regular cigarettes , said john p richie jr , professor of public health sciences and pharmacology	FAVOR
128	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	three quarters of e cigarettes tested by harvard scientists contained the chemical diacetyl which is known to cause lung damage	AGAINST
8	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	one review noted that reports of adverse effects of e cigarettes decreased over time	FAVOR
64	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the chemicals used in e cigarettes are similar in toxicity to other nicotine replacement products , but there is not enough data to draw conclusions	AGAINST
300	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes are useful adjuncts to smoking cessation	NONE
14	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	some case reports found harms to health brought about by e cigarettes in many countries , such as the us and in europe with the most common effect being dryness of the mouth and throat	AGAINST
156	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	with e cigarettes booming in popularity and being marketed as a healthier alternative to traditional smoking , scientists have been investigating the chemicals used in v aping in an attempt to identify any associated health risks	FAVOR
40	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the explosions were the result of extended charging , use of unsuitable chargers , or design flaws	NONE
378	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in 2015 , public health england stated that e cigarettes are estimated to be 95 less harmful than smoking	FAVOR
334	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	they reply generally considered safer than regular cigarettes , because they are smoke free and tobacco free however , they are not nicotine free	FAVOR
216	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the researchers determined that e cigarette vapor contains free radicals , known toxins found in cigarette smoke and air pollution	AGAINST
279	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	cigarette smoke contains thousands of chemicals , but nicotine is the major chemical that causes cigarette addiction , hello said in a statement to health line	NONE
356	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	regular cigarettes contain nearly 600 additives , 69 of which are carcinogenic	NONE
236	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	survey data indicate that e cigarette use is overwhelmingly concentrated about current and former smokers	NONE
207	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	research findings on e cigarettes warrant further study in susceptible individuals , such as copd patients who have switched from cigarettes to e cigarettes , or to new users of e cigarettes who may have never used cigarettes	NONE
212	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	another thing working in the favor of e cigarettes in the risk continuum is that they do n't combust the way cigarettes do , limiting some of the chemicals released in cigarette smoke	FAVOR
295	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	after all , e cigarettes denial of normal t contain the tar and combustion products that cigarette smoke does , although most of them do contain the nicotine	NONE
376	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in july 2014 the world health organization ( who ) report cautioned about potential risks of using e cigarettes	AGAINST
251	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	fda has not approved or recommended any e cigarette for a smoking cessation option	NONE
403	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the american diabetes association states there is no evidence that e cigarettes are a healthier alternative to smoking	AGAINST
377	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	regulated us food and drug administration ( fda ) products such as nicotine inhalers are probably safer than e cigarettes	AGAINST
303	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a more recent analysis finds some toxic chemicals in e cigarette vapor but at much lower levels than in tobacco smoke	FAVOR
269	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	some people use them as a way to carry on smoking while avoiding cigarette smoke	NONE
201	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	popcorn lung a deadly lung disease is caused by diacetyl , a chemical used in flavoring on some of the juices used in e cigarettes	AGAINST
161	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is still a lot we denial of normal t know about these products , including whether they will decrease or increase use of traditional cigarettes	NONE
43	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in 2015 public health england concluded that the risks of fire from e cigarettes appear to be comparable to similar electrical goods	NONE
217	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	free radicals are highly reactive agents that can damage dna or other molecules within cells , resulting in cell death	NONE
190	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	important caveat e cig s have really only been in use for the past few years , so nothing is known about the long term effects	AGAINST
309	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	accepting such low quality evidence for the efficacy of e cigarettes in the same thing as accepting surveys data as evidence for the efficacy of supplements , and it distresses me how many are either unable or unwilling to understand that	NONE
259	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a third study , in the may edition of journal of american medicine association is internal medicine publication , said there is no conclusive evidence that e cigarettes can play a role in smoking cessation , particularly in comparison with a nicotine patch	NONE
105	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the study expressed concern that the growth of this false perception risks discouraging many smokers from using electronic cigarettes to quit and keep them smoking instead which would be bad for their health and the health of those around them	FAVOR
53	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	nicotine toxicity is a concern when e cigarette solutions are swallowed intentionally by adults as a suicidal overdose	AGAINST
1	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there are questions about how safe it is to inhale some substances in the e cigarette vapor into the lungs	AGAINST
49	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the amount of vapor produced is controlled by the power of the battery , which has led some users to adjust their e cigarettes to increase battery power to obtain a stronger nicotine hit , but there is a small risk of battery explosion	AGAINST
80	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	aldehydes may cause harmful health effects though , in the majority of cases , the amounts inhaled are less than those in traditional cigarettes	FAVOR
205	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	our findings suggest that e cigarettes are not neutral in terms of the effects on the lungs , said senior author shyam b is wal , a professor in the department of environmental health sciences at the bloomberg school	AGAINST
34	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	most e cigarettes use lithium batteries , the improper use of which may result in accidents	AGAINST
263	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	unfortunately , the evidence on whether e cigarettes help smokers to quit is contradictory and inconclusive , katz wrote	NONE
91	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a 2014 review noted a study had found metal particles in the fluid and aerosol , at levels were 10 50 times less than that allowed in medicines that are inhaled	AGAINST
339	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	others fear the e devices will addict nonsmokers to nicotine and eventually lead to more people smoking	AGAINST
52	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	an excessive amount of nicotine for a child that is capable of being fatal is 0 1 0 too mg kg of body weight	NONE
345	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in fact , this past week the world health organization called for a ban on indoor use of e cigarettes in workplaces , restaurants and other public spaces	AGAINST
264	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	dr gilbert ross , medical and executive director of the american council on science and health , said allowing e cigarettes to compete with cigarettes in the marketplace might decrease smoking related morbidity and mortality	NONE
241	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in 2009 there was a 10 percent decrease in cigarette sales in the you is , and while that directly followed an increase in the federal cigarette tax , it 's not only price that 's changing the habits of american smokers	NONE
13	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	reported adverse effects from e cigarette use include upper respiratory tract irritation , dry cough , dryness of the mucus membrane , headache , dizziness , nervousness , insomnia , sleeplessness , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , tongue sores , black tongue , gum bleeding , gingivitis , gastric burning , constipation , palpitation , chest pain , eye irritation , eye redness , eye dryness , shortness of breath , and shivering	AGAINST
315	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	experts are concerned that marketing of e cigarettes can increase nicotine addiction among young people encouraging them to try other tobacco products	AGAINST
88	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes contain some contamination with small amounts of metals in the emissions but it is not likely that these amounts would cause a serious risk to the health of the user	FAVOR
273	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes are also widely promoted to help people quit smoking	NONE
166	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	this simultaneous increase in e cigarette use and cessation may be coincidental , and it is therefore vitally important for longitudinal studies to be conducted to assess the impact of e cigarette usage on quitting behavior	NONE
328	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	some studies suggest nicotine in e cigarettes might be linked to anxiety and blood vessel problems	AGAINST
406	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	moreover , a who report in 2009 cautioned that the safety of e cigarettes is not confirmed	AGAINST
134	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	despite their growing popularity , very little is known about toxic substances produced by e cigarettes and their health effects	AGAINST
306	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	moreover , we denial of normal t know yet whether long term use of nicotine delivered in this manner is safe	AGAINST
396	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	however , e cigarettes cannot be regarded as simply harmless	AGAINST
319	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is liquid vapor , which appears in the same manner as smoke and you also get a similar feeling at the back of your throat , just like a traditional cigarette	NONE
243	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	global sales of smokeless tobacco products , including smokeless inhalers , has grown to nearly 3 billion and continues to grow	NONE
54	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	due to nicotine content inconstancy , it is recommended that e cigarette companies develop quality standards with respect to nicotine content	NONE
363	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	smaller particles in e cigarettes can travel deeper within the lungs causing greater damage , than normal cigarettes	AGAINST
50	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	there is a possibility that inhalation , ingestion , or skin contact can expose people to high levels of nicotine , and with contaminants in the e liquid , which may be especially risky to children , pregnant women , and nursing mothers	AGAINST
174	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	a chemical analysis of vapor from electronic cigarettes shows high levels of formaldehyde , a known carcinogen	AGAINST
189	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cig s are a viable harm reduction device in my opinion , one that more smokers need to know about	FAVOR
410	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	another review found that e cigarette aerosol contains far fewer carcinogens than tobacco smoke , and concluded that e cigarettes impart a lower potential disease burden than traditional cigarettes	FAVOR
187	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in fact , the a a php states substances in the cigarette smoke , other than the nicotine , inhaled deep into the lung , cause most of the tobacco attributable illness and death in the united states	AGAINST
169	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	non daily v aping has no impact on cutting down or quitting	NONE
58	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the therapeutic goods administration ( tga ) of australia has stated that , some overseas studies suggest that electronic cigarettes containing nicotine may be dangerous , delivering unreliable doses of nicotine ( above or below the stated quantity ) , or containing toxic chemicals or carcinogens , or leaking nicotine	AGAINST
48	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	users may alter many of the devices , such as using them to administer other drugs like cannabis	NONE
344	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	simon is also concerned about other chemicals delivered by electronic cigarettes , including di ethylene glycol ( a highly toxic substance ) , various nitrosamines ( powerful carcinogens ) , and other compounds suspected of being harmful to humans	AGAINST
235	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	nine out of 10 teenagers who tried e cigarettes were already smokers , meaning the trend that the attorneys general consider a public health emergency may instead portend successful harm reduction	NONE
252	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes appear to play a substantial role in tobacco users cessation attempts , the unc researchers said	NONE
21	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in youth , e cigarette use risks involve accidental nicotine exposure	AGAINST
313	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the you is food and drug administration ( fda ) has not evaluated e cigarettes for safety or effectiveness	AGAINST
160	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	awareness of e cigarettes rose from about four in 10 adults in 2010 to six in 10 adults in 2011 e cigarette use is growing rapidly , said cdc director tom frieden , md , miles per hour	NONE
276	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	apart from that , nicotine exposure has long been linked to atherosclerosis , the accumulation of plaque on the artery walls	NONE
191	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	however , given 50 of tobacco smokers will die as a direct result of their habit ( and often in a horrible way ) , it would seem to me that it 's a risk worth taking	NONE
385	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	aside from toxicity , there are also risks from e cigarette misuse or accidents such as contact with liquid nicotine , fires caused by vaporizer malfunction , and explosions as result from extended charging , unsuitable chargers , or design flaws	AGAINST
293	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	since the main claim being used to sell e cigarettes right now is that they are safer than tobacco containing cigarettes , that is the first claim that needs to be examined	FAVOR
343	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	harvey simon , md , harvard health editor , expressed concern that the nicotine amounts in e cigarettes can vary significantly	NONE
257	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	they enable some users to reduce or quit smoking	NONE
308	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	on the other side we see e cigarette promoters making concreted , absolutist statements that e cigarettes are safe and effective aids to smoking cessation	FAVOR
149	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in addition to containing varying levels of the addictive substance nicotine , e cigarettes also contain other cancer causing chemicals , such as formaldehyde	AGAINST
130	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the use of e cigarettes is on the rise	FAVOR
151	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	many researchers agree that the sharp spike in popularity for e cigarettes is fast outpacing research on the potential dangers	AGAINST
359	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	higher end e cigarettes allow the heat temperature to be adjusted , which can intensify the nicotine hit	NONE
99	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the surgeon general 's 2014 report found that nicotine adversely affects maternal and fetal health during pregnancy , and that exposure to nicotine during fetal development has lasting adverse consequences for brain development	AGAINST
372	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	fda has stalled for years in proceeding with proposed rules that would allow it to regulate the e cigarettes as tobacco products	NONE
87	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	in august 2014 , the american heart association noted that e cigarettes could fuel and promote nicotine addiction , especially in children	AGAINST
330	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	but according to a public health england report , scientists believe the levels of nicotine in e cigarettes are unlikely to pose any significant health risk	FAVOR
214	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarette sales are projected to overtake cigarette sales in the next decade , and teen use of e cigarettes outpaces cigarette use , according to a recent survey released by the national institute on drug abuse	NONE
121	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	new research reveals that the chemical used to add flavor to e cigarettes is known to cause severe lung damage	AGAINST
412	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	many users think that e cigarettes are healthier than traditional cigarettes for personal use or for other people	FAVOR
20	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarettes were associated with fewer adverse effects than nicotine patches	FAVOR
188	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the a a php recommends electronic cigarettes as a less hazardous smoke free tobacco nicotine product	FAVOR
71	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the majority of e cigarettes evaluated included carcinogenic tobacco specific nitrosamines ( tsn as ) and the carcinogen toluene	AGAINST
106	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	e cigarette vapor can contain cancer causing formaldehyde at levels up to 15 times higher than regular cigarettes , a new study finds	AGAINST
270	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the eu is updating the tobacco products directive so that electronic cigarettes below a certain nicotine threshold can be sold with health warnings	NONE
348	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	the report concluded that the nicotine in the e cigarettes is roughly as dangerous as being addicted to coffee	FAVOR
102	Are E-Cigarettes safe?	since e cigarettes are not validated as cessation tools , may contain nicotine at inconsistent levels and added ingredients that are possibly harmful , allowing e cigarettes to be used among pregnant women to decrease smoking puts this group at considerable risk	AGAINST
